Every year there are players drafted purely based on athletic ability and not necessarily on baseball skills, and Abrams would fall into that category as he is still plenty raw defensively and especially offensively. The team that selects him will have to be patient and work with him to help develop his skills in accordance with his physicality. It's a boom or bust profile that is reliant on everything clicking.

Abreu was signed as an international free agent in 2012. Abreu lacks any standout tool, but the overall profile could potentially play in a utility role. He needs to settle down his aggression in all phases of the game, as the swing can become overly noisy and the defense is presently too risk-oriented. The risk is high due to his limited time in full-season ball and the inconsistencies currently at the plate and in the field.

Abreu has the defensive chops and arm strength to become an above-average defensive shortstop. His bat lags behind his defensive potential. His compact stroke and average bat control show combines to flash fringe-average hitting ability, though the approach is still raw and he lacks for much power to keep pitchers from attacking him directly. He carries bat-associated risk, but there's enough glove to provide value in a reserve role even if the bat doesn't actualize in full.

Acuna flashes all five tools with quick-twitch ability and true plus power, and he has the potential to play an up-the-middle position. Offensively, he projects as a .250 hitter with 25 home runs, 15 stolen bases, and the ability to walk enough for an average on-base percentage. The biggest question is whether he sticks in center. The range is there, but the reads are inconsistent at present and must develop further. Even with the defensive questions, Acuna has the chance to be an excellent everyday player in the majors, and if he puts it all together and surpasses a grade or two, there is All-Star potential here. 

Impressive player ready to contribute now despite youth; eventually fits in three-hole with power/hit combo. Will stick in CF; if moves to RF, more than enough glove and arm to handle position. Bat is elite. Player projects to hit for 30 HRs with high average and ability to steal some bases given current development and age. Sky is limit talent-wise, especially if player maintains body and continues improvement in CF. OFP is .300 hitter, 30 HRs, 20 SB in CF. Risks are limited, although Acuna's swing can get long when he's trying to crush everything, dragging the barrel and exposing himself to quality pitches; when he maintains his approach, bat is premium. Could move to RF, but bat will play there. 

Adames is a very good shortstop who, assuming he doesn't put on significant amounts of weight, should be able to stay at the position. He doesn't have the elite range of some of his plus-fielding contemporaries, but he has enough to get the job done and makes the routine plays consistently. His arm can be a weapon from the left side. With the bat, Adames a work in progress with all the requisite skill to be an above-average hitter and a plus hitter for his position. The application of his offensive skill set will hinge on his ability to stay within the strike zone, something he's already shown progress at throughout this season. He won't hit for significant power, but he should provide more power than many shortstops. If he reaches his ceiling, he'll be an everyday shortstop who can hit atop a big league lineup.

The 10th overall pick in 2017 is a physical specimen, with a tailor-made frame to hang good weight on and continue developing strength through maturity. At just 19 he's shown an impressive ability to make quick adjustments and hone his elite tools into game skills. There's a scenario in which he maxes out physically, bumps to a corner, and develops into a 55-run, plus-glove, plus-plus power guy. Alternatively, there's another scenario where he stays trimmer, sticks in center, and trades some power for the privilege of holding on to plus speed. Either way, the ceiling is that of a monster and there's a straight path to a first-division future.  

When a prospect has multiple carrying tools, that is what usually puts him on the map. Adell not only has four carrying tools, but one of them is 70 grade, and there's still a chance for a fifth. Part of what makes Adell special is how quick he's made it to the upper minors, how he's been able to accomplish so much for his age, and the legitimate potential for five tools. 

Ademan is a young, left-handed shortstop with a potential plus bat. The defense and arm are solid enough to allow him to stick at short. The bat is the carrying tool, he displays plus bat to barrel skills and the bat speed and swing path to grow into average power. Profiles as a major league regular middle infielder. 

Akiyama has been one of the best position players in NPB over the last half decade, during which he never missed a single game. His speed and glove should transfer well to stateside ball, making him a plus defender at a premium position. The bat is likely to play average, with an off chance to be above-average if he adjusts well to the offensive climate in the major leagues. It is safe to say Akiyama becomes an above-average center field regular upon his anticipated arrival to The Show in 2020, with a glove-first second division regular downside. Although, given his age, he may have only a few good seasons left.     

Albies is a young middle infielder with plus hit, glove, and run tools. An international signing from Curacao, he has been promoted aggressively above his age. He's a switch-hitter, and the hit tool flashes plus with variation to the swing. His default swing is geared to a high-contact, slap approach, though he will simplify and attack the ball aggressively from time to time. The game power is tied to which approach takes hold; it is limited, though there's more pop than the frame suggests. His speed will lead to extra bases and the capacity to steal plenty of bases, though there is present hesitancy to utilize it. He recently moved from short to second, where the glove is an asset with plus range. The arm profiles better at the keystone, though there is enough to profile at short. He's an exciting player with a future starting middle-infield contributor projection.

I know the tools may not match up exactly with the role but I think Alfaro is a stud. Heâ\x80\x99s going to be at least an average hitter with plus power that could even play higher. He needs a lot of refinement in his approach to get himself in more favorable counts but that is all a part of the developmental process. His glove is improving, along with his footwork and pitch framing. I am really impressed the strides he has made behind the plate in the course of the last year. The arm strength is elite and his footwork and blocking skills have improved since last season. From a premium defensive position, he will be enough defensively and more than enough at the plate. In a league where having a serious asset at catcher is rare, Alfaro could be special.

A Colombian international signee acquired from Texas in the Cole Hamels trade, Alfaro is a five-tool catching prospect with plus-plus arm strength. The hit tool shows average potential despite an aggressive, swing-heavy approach with a high propensity for swing-and-miss. He offsets those vulnerabilities with the ability to make hard contact, use the middle and opposite side of the field, and scratch out infield hits with his speed. Above-average raw strength and the ability to create hard contact should result in average power output, while his tendency to produce lower-trajectory hits could result in more doubles than home runs. The strength is there to leave the yard, however. He's a max-effort runner up the line and will show present plus speed, though the demands of the position are likely to diminish that.  Alfaro is a solid receiver behind the plate, though he'll get too comfortable at times and stab at balls rather than use his athleticism. Plus-plus arm strength helps to combat the running game. Has the offensive tool set to be more than just a catch and throw receiver, with the overall ability to develop into an above-average catcher.

Rare five-tool talent at the position; arm strength is elite and utility has a chance to get there; raw power is plus-plus and should play at highest level; hit tool and approach aren't on the same level as other attributes; torque-heavy swing is hard to make quick pitch adjustments with and can be fooled by sequence and off-speed; hit tool could play to solid-average if everything clicks; won't be contact heavy hitter but should be able to hit for 25 HR power from a premium defensive spot; tool-based ceiling suggests franchise player potential; makeup and work ethic to fail and adjust. 

Alfaro was hit or miss in this scouting opportunity, but there were flashes that suggest with experience and sustained development the payoff can be a power hitting fifthâ\x80\x93spot hitter. The catcherâ\x80\x99s power mainly showed during batting practice, but there were some well hit balls in game action that really exploded off the bat. The over-arching theme from this take was the need to tone down the approach at the plate. Alfaro rarely gets cheated with his swing, and is up at the plate hacking. This worked a few times when opposing pitchers made mistakes with their fastballs on the inner half of the plate, but the young hitter was caught lunging and coming up empty against fringy breaking balls. Thereâ\x80\x99s a lot of work to go with keeping his weight back and picking up spin quicker.I didnâ\x80\x99t love the messy nature of Alfaroâ\x80\x99s swing during this series, often yanking the bat head through the zone and over-swinging with his arms, but when the swing came together there were clues of what the player can potentially do. Due to the maintenance and aggressive nature shown, Alfaro may always be a streaky player and post fluctuating batting averages in the .245-.260 range if he reaches the majors. The peaks can be highly productive, while the valleys limiting due to a lack of projected on-base ability. One constant can be Alfaroâ\x80\x99s home run power, which with improved technique using his lower half consistently can lead to outputs of around 25 home runs, and maybe a season of more.This is a player with a ton of risk due to the unrefined nature of his overall game and gaps in key aspects. A hitter like Alfaro will have to prove that he can be selective enough against rising competition. The flameout potential is magnified, but if he learns to stay within himself and play to his strengths, the bat can take off.

Alfaro has the ceiling of an all-star catcher, but he will need to clean up the approach at the plate before reaching his peak. He is currently struggling with plus offerings, especially sliders and change ups. He is an aggressive player all around, which at times will hinder his game. However, it usually is beneficial and has demonstrated how talented he can be behind the dish. Alfaro has a chance to be a rare catcher with five tools that are average or higher, with the arm being one of the best in the business. 

Alford is a legitimate five-tool threat, with average or better skills across the board. He's a plus athlete, as evidenced by his background as a college football player. Despite having split his time across two sports, however, his baseball skills are very refined. He's much further along the developmental track than most two-sport athletes. His athleticism will allow Alford to remain in the middle of the field, where he should be an asset in center field. His most impressive skill, however, is his hit tool. Plus bat speed allows him to currently get away with some mechanical issues in his swing, including a pronounced load that will be quieted over time, but the issues are minor and are more than compensated for by his innate feel fro finding the barrel. He squares the baseball up routinely and it jumps off of his bat. He's not displaying the power expected from him just yet, but he shows it off in batting practice and his strength and bat speed suggest it will come in time, as power is often the last tool to develop. If it all comes together, Alford has the potential to be one of the best center fielders in the game. Even if the hit tool or power come in a grade below their ceiling, he should be a good everyday player, but if the bat reaches its ceiling, he could be a key player on a very good team.

Alford is a potential lead-off hitter at the big league level. The tools for hitting success are there, even though he has struggled with injuries and timing this year. 

Allen is a typical top-of-the-order threat who uses a contact-oriented approach and speed to get on base. His stroke plays similarly on both sides. He flashes the barrel control needed to cover the plate while making consistent line-drive contact to all fields. Allen drives balls at times, but thatâ\x80\x99s just not his game given his fairly linear swing and short mechanics. He profiles as a potential top-of-the-order starter who has a floor of a quality, speedy fourth outfielder

Already a highly-skilled and experienced player at the age of 20, Allen's energetic athleticism and high baseball IQ make him the prototypical table-setting, plus-defending shortstop that championship-caliber teams covet.

Stetson Allie has plus-plus raw power and a terrific arm. However, both tools are largely unused during the game. His hit tool will hinder the power for his career, and I do not see the hit tool allowing much impact with the bat. The arm is essentially irrelevant as a prospect that is limited to first base only. Allie is likely an org player that might get a cup of coffee or end up as a platoon bat off the bench that can provide some pop. The risk is moderate because he is a converted pitcher and just reached Double-A for the first time. 

An advanced talent showing as one of the best in the Midwest League despite playing all of 2013 as a 19-year-old. Projects well as a no. 2 hitter on a first-division team with above-average production in center field and solid value on the basepaths. Some slight concerns relating to health, so a fully healthy 2014 would be nice to see. Chance to jump two levels next year, lining up for a 2015 debut along with a number of other potential impact bats in the system. Type of player any team would dream of having in its systemâ\x80\x94true first-division profile with good makeup.

Yordan Alvarez profiles as an above-average regular at 1B due to quality athleticism and coordination that allows him to tap into his considerable raw strength at the plate. Alvarez has above average barrel control with a consistent swing tooled for hardest contact on line drives. He has the raw strength to hit 35 or more home runs, but swing will likely not tap fully into his HR potential. Alvarez can play an average 1B where his quickness and coordination will allow him to make the routine plays despite less than stellar hands. He can fill in at LF where his range and arm will cause him to be below-average. Alvarez might not improve with his pitch recognition enough to his his profile as an above average regular, but his adjustments in game suggest that it's a relatively small concern. Overall, Yordan Alvarez profiles as an above-average regular with the potential to move beyond that with a swing that utilizes more of his raw power without sacrificing too much contact.

Only 19, Amaya, a strong-armed catcher with some pop in his bat, is holding his own against more advanced Midwest League competition. Defensively he's still raw with a lot of improvement still needed but the physical tools make it easy to envision a future everyday catcher. At the plate, Amaya shows quality bat to ball skills at the plate to go along with a leveraged, powerful swing. He's a quality catching prospect with a profile of an above average major league starter. 

Thereâ\x80\x99s extreme, extreme risk here because Anderson is a different kind of raw. He has probably played in a lesser amount of games than everyone heâ\x80\x99s playing against. He needs reps and reps and reps. He has electric hands that could let him stay in the infield but I donâ\x80\x99t love his range at SS and his arm lacked the strength to make the throw in the hole. At the plate, this is probably the first time Anderson has seen consistent breaking balls. He recognizes spin early and tracks the ball but hasnâ\x80\x99t shown the ability to barrel it. Presently, he still loves to pull the ball and is learning the use the right side. He makes consistent hard contact when balls are put into play though. I am confident he can make the necessary adjustments to adjust to spin and barrel it. Heâ\x80\x99s not off balance when heâ\x80\x99s swinging; Anderson just doesnâ\x80\x99t look use to them yet. Heâ\x80\x99s super raw and a long way away but if he puts it all together, he has an electric profile.

Anderson is a quality hitter with good power, a plus arm, and better speed than the frame suggests. He is presently below-average at third base, and will likely continue to struggle unless his hands and technique improve. He has played second base in past, but doesn't have the necessary range for the position. He could ultimately see some work in the outfield down the road. 

Anderson is a college bat that has put up some noise early in the NYPL season. His ceiling is not high and the positional value is not large. He is average at second base and the arm is not terrific for moving to an OF role. The range is not ideal for SS.  Anderson might have some growth left with the bat, but it is not a high projection and likely does not help out in any fashion outside of a reserve role. I think with some slight tweaks in his footwork and the load and timing mechanisms at the plate, Anderson can become a solid role 4 player that can help contribute as major league depth.

Interesting young player with power/speed combination. Currently doesn't project to stay at 3B given footwork and actions. Young player who has since been promoted to Double-A. Has playable tools and will find a spot on the diamond. See as a below-average regular/bench bat.

Andujar is tremendously talented but with some major flaws that could keep him from reaching his ceiling. He's a good athlete, already strong and well-developed for his age. He has three legitimate plus tools in raw power, speed and arm strength. He's presently a below-average defender at third base, though he has the athleticism to be an average player there. If not, he could handle a move to right field, which would put more pressure on his bat but not as much as if he would have to move to first base. The hit tool will determine how the entire package comes together, however. He has the tools to be a good major league hitter, with plenty of bat speed and a developing idea of how to use the whole field. But he currently struggles with identifying some breaking balls and implementing his plan at the plate. His swing can get long and he swings through too many off-speed pitches. The hit tool may never be better than average, but even that will allow the power to play. If it remains below average, his power production will be affected and thus lower his overall profile.

Sherten Apostel should play himself into a role as an MLB regular 3B/1B. Apostel has quality athleticism on a massive frame in addition to a plus approach that should let him provide above average value with his bat with an OBP-and-power profile. Currently raw defensively, but has encouraging markers. Should profile very well at 1B if team loses patience at 3B or if he sizes out of the position. Apostel dulls the edge of some of the flaws in his profile with an excellent approach and adjustment to spin. If that trend doesn't continue, he likely won't hit enough to stick on an MLB roster. Otherwise his patience/power combo and ability to adjust to high quality arms give him a loud upper end projection even if he sizes out of 3B.

A raw player right now, Aquino has present baseball skills and should improve, but will be a slow burn. There is some volatility given his profile, long swing, and developing pitch recognition skills.

Brother Oswaldo (Twins); significant ankle injury (2011) led to missed season; one of youngest players in Midwest League â\x80\x93 turned 19 at the beginning of August. Very interesting defensive prospect with up-the-middle profile and some projection in the hit tool. High risk due to proximity to majors and nature of hit tool development, but thereâ\x80\x99s a chance for an everyday player here, perhaps more. Ultimate production will hinge on hit tool refinement â\x80\x93 could be a bonus if gap pop develops further. Could be challenged with High-A next year, or repeat Low-A to start season due to young age. Glove will be carrying tool, but hit might surprise.

Three-time draftee - Miami (30th round, 2010), Boston (25th round, 2011), and Seattle (7th round, 2012) - has some playable power but lacks a standout tool and shows poor hit utility. Upper-level masher, organizational player.

With natural maturity and progression, the Gold Glove-caliber defender could turn into an annual .280 / 25 HR duel-threat shortstop.

21 year-old, former 1st round infielder with plus future hit tool. Quick, quiet bat the generates loud contact. Line drive, up the middle approach. Doubles over home runs power. Glove is a tick below avg; combined with build, likely to move off SS before long. Has the arm to handle 3B; glove and range would play at 2B. Profiles better at 2B given compactness of body. Hit tool will carry and play.

Austin had a terrific series, making hard contact and displaying instincts all over the diamond. His swing is going to play at any level, although it is not an impact bat. As a corner outfielder, Austin is a fringe starter or second division mold. He does not have the impact tools to become more of an asset.  Austin will be in the majors soon, but he will need to consistently hit to provide any impact as a second division starter.

Because of his ability to handle shortstop and his ability to handle High-A pitching respectably at age 20, Avelino is an interesting prospect. His ceiling isn't terribly high, however, thanks to a lack of power that will ever keep him from being an impact bat. He controls the barrel well and has a chance to be an average big league hitter with average plate discipline, but if he's in the lineup regularly his team will want it to be near the bottom. His glove and athleticism will carry him, though he's not enough of a premium defender to get away with being a glove-only player. He'll have to hit a little bit too. It's likely a utility profile for Avelino, but his arm strength will allow him to play on the left-side of the infield which will give him enough value to justify a roster spot.

With 80-grade speed and a plus arm, the floor for Azocar is high. He projects for utility at all three outfield positions, though given his lack of power the ceiling of a major-league regular will be dependent on the continued development of his hit tool. 

This past week, Baez became just the second player in the 94-year history of the Florida State League to hit four home runs in a single game. He also put on quite the show at last week's FSL All-Star Game Home Run Derby. Some of the bombs he hit still have not landed. Baez has the tools to become a star in the big leagues with his raw power/bat speed combo. You can recognize the bat speed he possesses from the nosebleeds. With a refined approach he should be able to hit at all levels. Defensively there is a lot left to be desired, but no matter which position he ends up playing or how well he plays it, his bat will be able to keep him in the lineup as an everyday player, whether itâ\x80\x99s at shortstop or more likely third base. The main concern for me is his makeup as he will take some plays off. Again, something as simple as not running out a groundball can be seen as a negative. Baez is no doubt an exciting young player to watch and heâ\x80\x99s very deserving of his lofty status as one of the game's top prospects. The risk remains high with his development and time will tell how bad he wants it.

Ballou lacks a carrying tool, which ultimately leaves him as an organizational depth player that can handle the corner OF and player CF in a pinch. He lacks the tools to play anything more than a depth piece in the majors.  Round Drafted: 15th round, 2013.Why: Athletic OF with potential to provide 4th OF value. Local prospect

Has good pitch recognition but will expand the zone at times; vulnerable to FB up in the zone; destroys any pitch down and away; very advanced bat for his age; aggressive style on both sides of the field. SS is not his future; bat will play at almost any position; will make a tough play look easy, then make an easy one look tough; too inconsistent with his glove and arm accuracy. Barretoâ\x80\x99s future is bright. A high impact bat that seems destined for CF. Seeing him drive the ball to the opposite field is a thing of beauty. Wherever he ends up defensively, the bat will play. Future impact bat at top of the order.

Leadoff hitter who gets on base with both his legs and eye, Kyle Barrett is an undersized competitor. His best tool is his speed and hit tool, with his arm and power coming below average and well below average, respectively. He looks to line the ball the other way with his better than average barrel control, settling with beating out grounders jail breaking to ~4.00 dig times. His defense is average, fielding what he gets to and taking good routes to balls. Barrett is a good organizational player.

See as a quality regular behind the plate, chance for all-star seasons at a premium positon. 22 y/o R/R catcher, future above-average hitter with plus-plus raw, plus game pop and plus arm/glove. One of the top prospects in baseball, strong interest, would acquire.

Bauers doesn't look the part of the power-hitting first baseman, because he's not. He has enough power for the position, but it's his overall hitting ability that will carry him. He has a strong approach at the plate that allows him to use the entire field, and enough strengths to hit the gaps consistently. He's a threat to leave the yard to the pull side, but he's still growing into the rest of his power. His swing is geared more towards being a balanced hitter, however, and he's likely to sacrifice some of that raw power in favor of average. It won't be a prototypical first base profile, but he should provide enough offensive production to warrant everyday playing time.

Bautista is a five-tool contributor, and has a lot of potential with the bat. He has a nice combination of speed and power, and is eye catching on the diamond. He will have to make a swing adjustment at some point if he's going to cover the bottom part of the zone and reach that potential. It's never a good thing to need a revamped swing to succeed, but Bautista is athletic enough that he should be able to handle it. He's more raw than I'd like from a 21-year-old making his first foray into full-season baseball, but with some patience you don't need to squint to see an impactful everyday player who is a serious threat at the dish.

Bautista is a speedy Dominican that displays a few impressive tools. While he is not a flashy player, the defense alone will likely move him through the minors enough to at least get a crack as a 4th OF. His games revolves around the plus speed. He could end up piecing enough together at the plate for a few second-division type seasons, but is likely a fourth outfielder due to lack of a hit tool and impact bat. The speed is great, but is not good enough to impact his game at the plate.

Becerra shows the makings of a legitimate five-tool player with easy athleticism and confidence in his actions. A shoulder injury and contact-oriented present approach limit the power tool right now, but the frame is highly projectable and he can develop average or better game utility for the power down the line. 

Bell has the body of a present major leaguer. He's physically mature switch hitter that looks like a man amongst boys. While the power will play for a corner OF spot, his swing is inconsistent. He preys on average velocity fastballs and I really question how he'll handle plus velocity and fastball command as he advances. Defensively he's passable in RF. He's got plenty of arm, but lacks natural feel and instincts. Just doesn't look comfortable at times. Average speed at best limits his range when chasing balls driven into the gap, though getting the ball back quickly and accurately is a strength. A move to first base in the future wouldn't shock me.  Bell is a future major leaguer with two plus tools, but I really have concerns about his production in the middle of a lineup. A spot in the lower-half seems more realistic. 

Bell has two plus tools that will provide positional value due to being a Right Fielder. The swing is currently inconsistent but he shows ability to hit the ball to all fields and the barrel-to-ball ability is solid. The skills are still lagging in-game, but the raw tools are all there and he is showing some of them. The ball jumps off his bat when he makes contact, but he still needs to learn and grow as a hitter when it comes to situational hitting and his general approach at the plate. He has a decent eye, but there were a few AB where he did not have the most logical approach for the situation at hand.  Overall, I like Bell and think there is enough talent to be a very talented Right Fielder. However, the swing still needs some refinement and he looks like a player that will need at least another year at the AA level.

Bellinger's combination of youth, physical projection, and unique position split between first base and center creates significant volatility in his profile. His current physicality allows projection for a part-time centerfielder at the highest level, but he's extremely raw at present. A first base future offers plus defense balanced out by a fringe-average offensive profile.  I have concerns with his offensive development. Bellinger has fallen victim to the California League as the season has worn on, gradually developing considerably more leverage and pull-side tendency as he's looked to jack every fastball he's seen. He frequently forfeits his balance and collapses on his back side, compromising his barrel control and creating an inconsistent path through the zone. There's ample raw material here to develop into a useful Major League roster piece, even a regular. The remaining physical projection and raw offensive approach make for a high degree of variability.

Impressive position prospect; rare blend of a high ceiling paired w/ high-floor of everyday contributor. Best case is a quality regular in CF w/ plus hitting ability and a bevy of average-to-solid other tools, plus excellent instincts.Advanced toolset; highly-skilled player; could be a quick mover to big league level. High interest.

Broad skill set; five tools that could play average or better at peak; hit and power can carry profile with hit tool playing up thanks to approach and potential to get on base in other ways; solid runner that can handle center field at average level; sum of the parts is likely greater than any individual tool.

A big-money ($4.5 million) international signee in 2012, Beras is a physical presence with length and strength for days and surprising speed. He made some moderate approach gains between early- and late-season looks, but he's still a highly aggressive hitter with multiple coverage holes, and the combination will likely limit his impressive raw power in games. The raw tools for a capable right fielder are apparent, though his reads and routes are decidedly raw. He'll be a longer-burn prospect, but there's potential for an eventual average regular if the hit tool maxes out.

Bichette has plus zone command and bat-to-ball skills, and profiles to be a high-average,  moderate-power hitter at the highest level. The defense and arm, while not spectacular, are sufficient for shortstop. There is a fair amount of risk, as he is young and far from the majors, but the tools are there to carry to a regular role with plus potential if everything maxes out

Bichette possesses a terrific bat, with fast hands and bat speed that combines to allow him to drive the ball with authority. He boasts leverage and plane to impact the ball. The defensive questions ding the profile, as it'll be a stretch for him to stick at short, but a final home at the keystone seems within reach. Given his age and uncertain home in the field, Bichette has risk, but the bat and athleticism project him to be a first-division starter wherever he ends up.

6/6 offensive profile, can get a little out of control when he muscles up, but better plate coverage than you'd think. Good enough defender in the middle infield, interested to see how the frame matures. One of the 20 best prospects in baseball.

While he could be stretched as an everyday regular at short (like, say Marcus Semien), what he brings offensively will allow him to play at the six. He could play second or third depending on organizational need. He brings all-star caliber offensive tools to the table and projects as a quality regular wherever he plays.

Potential to develop into a second-division starter, lack of arm strength and range limits potential for utility role. May be a platoon option.  

Bird is a first-base only type, but could show second-division skill. His approach is the best asset of his game and he could be a high OBP type, which will help play up the hit tool and power. He does not have impact tools, but can hold his own. He just reached Double-A, and could use another year to see more advanced pitching. The approach is good, but he needs to work on keeping the swing more consistent and staying back on the slower secondary stuff.

Bolt is a 22-year-old center fielder drafted in the fourth round of the 2015 draft out of UNC with an athletic frame and mild projection remaining.  He is gifted with three plus tools; speed, defense, and arm that he combines to become an above average defensive center fielder.  His bat will be the defining factor in his development and has shown the ability to make adjustments at the plate.  Will be an everyday regular at the major league level.  

Bostick is a very intriguing player. He lacks plus tools but does everything well. He has a natural feel for the game and could develop into an every day player. He's a long way from maturity and he'll need to hit his way to bigs but he has a chance. If not, his defense at 2B is solid avg. to plus and he could end up being a utility infielder on a first division team. I like Bostick enough to feel like he'll be an every day player though.

Bostick is a player with more fast-twitch agility than true tools, but it does not display in the bat speed. While he can swing the bat well and was consistently barreling pitches in-game and batting practice, he did struggle at times to catch up with high-end velocity. His ceiling is limited to second base, where the small-framed skill set can play up. Bostick does not have a high ceiling, but his approach at the plate is more advanced than most in High-A and I see no reason why it will not work at higher levels. 

A former 8th-rounder, Boyd is a slash-hitting burner with fringe utility at all three outfield positions and occasional second-division potential in left. There's some sneaky pop here, as Boyd's line drives have some carry to the pull side, but the approach and steep swing path are more appropriately geared towards the middle and opposite sides of the field. There's more swing-and-miss than ideal for the profile, and I don't see on-base projection to quite get him to regular playing time. He'll steal a bunch of bases when he does play, and the glove works thanks to top-shelf closing speed that affords a greater margin for error in his reads. It works best as a fourth or fifth outfielder profile. 

Bradley is carried by his exemplary power potential. A big-bodied first baseman who is likely to be relegated to DH in the big leagues, Bradley is likely to become a "power or bust" guy vs. MLB-caliber stuff. He can get beat on the corners and really only drives pitches in the middle of the plate. His swing is a bit odd, as he doesnâ\x80\x99t extend his arms to cover the plate, but still has a ton of home run power in his profile. Any prospect who relies on a singular tool carries significant risk, and I have serious concerns that his hit tool will play below 40 given that he currently struggles to make consistent solid contact vs. minor league pitching. The power could play big enough for Bradley to become a capable starter, but heâ\x80\x99s got a low floor given his unusual swing. He's likely to be more of a Chris Carter-type at maturity. 

Drafted by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 6th round of the 2013 MLB June Amateur Draft from Faulkner State College (Bay Minette, AL). Colin Bray's glove will earn him some major league playing time as a 4th outfielder. His ability to read the ball and the jumps he gets meld with his athleticism and allows him to cover a lot of real estate out in center field. Bray has enough arm for center as well. His hit tool precludes him from a starter's role but Bray can be a contributor as a fourth outfielder. 

Bray missed most of 2014 with an injury that limited him to 32 plate appearances in 2014. The upside isnâ\x80\x99t extreme but Bray can be a useful player at the highest level. Even though the profile is absent over the fence power he has speed and a feel for hitting. Heâ\x80\x99s not a starter but he can do very well as a 4th outfielder.

Bregman is a polished, confident player with solid across-the-board skills highlighted by a premium bat-to-ball ability and projection for a plus hit tool. His swing is aggressive; he attacks the baseball with an intent to do damage. He tracks pitches well, and the combination of strong wrists and elite hand quickness allow for in-swing adjustments, limiting the swing-and-miss in his game. There's average raw power here, and he'll get to it in games thanks to a timely willingness to separate and lift to the pull side. He's not a burner, but should offer some stolen base potential and above-average baserunning value. Questions about his future at the six spot dogged Bregman through the draft, but I've seen a true shortstop in my looks thus far in his pro career. He lacks plus range or arm strength, but the actions will play and he demonstrates an instinctual feel for the position. The player's outstanding makeup should further afford benefit to any doubts.  This is a high probability prospect who should move quickly through the system, with a late-2016 big league ETA not out of the question. 

Brinson oozes athleticism and elite physicality, featuring four plus-or-better raw tools in one of the most tantalizing packages I've seen. While there are some minor rough edges remaining in his defensive game he projects as an impact defender in centerfield. He's a borderline double-plus runner, though some of the utility is untapped on the bases on account of raw base-stealing technique and inconsistency in picking up his coaches. These are all issues that can be cleaned up with repetition and coaching. The development of his hit tool will determine the overall impact potential. The Rangers have overhauled his load to where he's keeping his hands higher and significantly quieter now, and while he's made notable progress in toning down swing-and-miss the transition remains a work in progress. When the arms and lower half stay in synch he'll generate significant torque and drive the bat through the zone with plus bat speed and extension after contact. But he frequently gets his weight to the front side too quickly, losing fluidity in his top half and leaving the barrel delivery inconsistent.  The defensive projection and speed set a high floor of producing above-average value at the Major League level, and there's enough raw offensive skill to suggest potential development into a first-division centerfielder. 

Brinson is hard to miss on the field as his premium athleticism, tools, and highly projectable body jump out. This is the type of talent who can develop into an impact player and stick around the league for a while at a premium position. The present flaws are highly noticeable, however, and there is a big gap for him to cover to reach his ceiling. Brinsonâ\x80\x99s approach is extremely unrefined, leading to a lot of wild swings and a lack of coverage on the outer third of the plate. The 19-year-oldâ\x80\x99s body language and early weight transfer also indicate a big need for improvement with picking up the spin of breaking balls. While I see his strike zone judgment and pitch recognition as areas that have room for growth with experience, Brinson presently consistently repeats his mistakes and is often up at the plate looking to hit it as far as he can. Early clues that there are some engrained habits to break.The outfielderâ\x80\x99s batspeed and ability to barrel up the ball with authority are good signs that with growth in his secondary skills the bat can end up highly productive. With development, Brinsonâ\x80\x99s peak offensive output can approach .270s batting averages and 25 home runs annually. The power may crest even further as this is a hitter that can put a charge into a baseball at an early age and understands how to produce backspin, and lift. There is a lot of risk that the hit tool ends up falling short due to his propensity to swing-and-miss and averages are more in the .240s range, leading to him hitting in the bottom third of a first division lineup. The hole down and away, especially with breaking balls, and pull nature to his swing lead me to believe heâ\x80\x99ll likely always be able be pitched to. The upside is that Brinson will make pitchers pay for poorly located fastballs or inconsistent execution. The key is how much he can improve with keeping his hands back over the next season or two.I donâ\x80\x99t see Brinsonâ\x80\x99s talent as a question and a future situation developing where it levels out against the competition or is exposed. It is going to come down to his ability to recognize the need to adjust and apply it into game action, while sustaining the repetition. As presently constructed, thereâ\x80\x99s considerable flameout potential and volatility, but the ceiling where if it clicks the final product can be huge.

See as a plus ML starter. Potential 7 hit tool, plus-plus speed as well, a leadoff type hitter. Moderate risk given inconsistency of defense in the dirt, but still has value even if he moves to the grass. Strong interest.

Projects as an offensive-minded second-tier regular. Athleticism allows for future versatility at playing multiple positions.  

Campusano is capable of being a valuable everyday catcher who can contribute on both sides of the ball. He plays with an advanced baseball IQ, and his combination of natural athleticism and cultivated skill makes him an exciting prospect. He should ready to contribute to a big league club by 2021.

Signed as an international free agent out of the Dominican Republic in 2012. Canelo displayed fluidity and consistency in all phases of the game during my viewing. The glove is his carrying tool, but the bat has enough juice to play as an everyday regular in the majors. The risk is high due to him being at the Low-A level.

Caratini is an enigma. He would profile well behind the plate and has the defensive chops to stick, but his arm is weak and would be exploited behind the plate at the highest level due to a long release and poor pop times. At third base, his arm could play at the fringe-average level, but his defensive chops at third are unrefined and don't project to get better due to a body that's maxed-out physically, hands that are underwhelming, and poor lateral agility.  All in all, Caratini projects to be a utility player who can play some third, some catcher, and possibly even some first base at the highest level. His bat will be his carrying tool through the minors, but his lack of a true defensive home will limit his impact at the highest level. If a team is willing to punt defense behind the plate (i.e. the running game), he has the ceiling of a second-division regular as his bat would profile well at the position. Things become more complicated if he's developed as a third baseman solely, however, as his bat won't be a profile fit at the hot corner. His ability to smash line drives all over the field, limit a pitcher's platoon advantage, and show a decent approach at the plate will make him valuable in a bench/utility role.

Caratini struggled the entire series, failing to show any consistency. The swing was highly inconsistent, even in batting practice. The defense can improve slightly, but the footwork was highly inconsistent and I question his ability to maintain an athletic frame for sticking behind the plate. There is high risk involved due to questions surrounding his positional value and the poor hit tool. Round Drafted: second round, 2013Why: C/3B with ability to grow into an average defender and the makings of an average hit tool.

Carey displayed an adept glove with efficient reads and routes throughout my viewings against West Virginia and Greenville, While he lacks the tools to consistently hit at the higher levels, there is enough skill to hold his own and potentially work as a 4th outfielder in the majors. The risk is moderate due to the reliance on the hit tool for future value and lack of playing time outside of the lower minors. Round Drafted: 17th round, 2014 ($60,000)Why: Senior sign; athletic player with potential to stick up the middle; struggled in his Junior year and went undrafted; potentially undervalued and prematurely written off.

Signed out of Venezuela in 2012, Carrizales is an athletic, versatile outfielder with a solid speed-and-defense skill set. There's a lot of noise and movement to the swing, with a malleable barrel delivery that combines with hand-eye coordination to produce decent bat-to-ball skills in spite of some swing-and-miss. He demonstrates enough feel for contact to threaten a starting role down the line if the hit tool maxes out, with fourth-outfielder utility a more likely outcome. 

An excellent competitor who loves to swing hard, hustles out every play, and frequently showcases his arm, Casey would have a chance at finding his way into the organizational rankings if it weren't for his insane swing-and-miss problems. This will really hold him back from reaching his above-average raw power, and will be a big test at the upper minors. The tools are enough for a third outfielder at the major league level, but how Casey resolves his swing and miss will determine how far he goes. 

Offensive potential carries the profile and could make him a star; potential .300 hitter with budding power; should hit in the middle of a championship lineup; natural offensive gifts are a joy to watch and could manifest into an offensive monster; struggles defensively; instincts for the outfield are lacking and though the arm has raw strength it doesnâ\x80\x99t play with poor mechanics for the position; defensive development may never come; baseball rat with excellent makeup; offensive profile will overshadow defensive shortcomings.

Castellanos' future success is contingent on the bat. However, he's got an outstanding feel for the barrel, can drive the ball to all fields, and is going to grow into his power. As long as he stays at 3B, he's going to be a very nice asset, and can be a core player on a World Series caliber team.

Signed out of Venezuela in 2010, Castro displays average or lower tools across the board. The lack of a carry tool hinders him to an organizational role, and he lacks the speed, strength or defensive prowess to play as a utility infielder. There is moderate risk due to the progression of the hit tool, but Castro is likely to stall at the higher levels of the minors rather than see time in the majors in any starting capacity.

Has the ceiling of a starting middle-infielder, but a utility outcome is more likely. Even that carries some risk, as it is possible his hit tool never completely comes together and he fizzles out at the upper levels of the minors. Still, there is an intriguing package of tools and skills here. 

Cave does not have any tools above average, but he has solid instincts and hustles at all times. He likely fills the role of a 4th outfielder, but could be a solid stop-gap type for a season if necessary.  His ability to play CF boosts his value, as his tools would be below average at the corners. Cave just reached Double-A and is still learning how to adjust his approach at the plate towards pitchers with more junk than stuff. He also has some issues with high-end velocity that will need to be ironed out before reaching the majors.

Cecchini has barrel control and is currently hitting well at Double-A, but I failed to see a consistent major league starter. I do not think he can stick at SS, and his bat has too much noise and inconsistencies for me to see a realistic starting profile. Round Drafted: 1st round (12th overall), 2012Why: Potential contact-oriented SS; bloodlines.

Lacks flash in the game; most tools are solid; can hit the ball and will hit some at the highest level; power isnâ\x80\x99t a significant factor; speed can play toward the top of a lineup; glove will carry him to MLB and hit tool will give him a chance to stick; potential up-the-middle player with batting average driven offensive profile; wonâ\x80\x99t be a key cog on an MLB team but can be a quality role player.

Chapman possesses prodigious raw power to all fields, routinely producing majestic fly balls with tremendous carry in BP. The game utility is limited somewhat by his hit tool; he struggles to generate consistent balance and timing with his weight transfer. His below-average barrel delivery tends to produce weak fly ball contact that will limit his batting average potential. The offensive profile on the whole will play up modestly thanks to an above-average on-base profile. The defensive package does not present a glaring weakness and is highlighted by an impact arm that plays to its potential thanks to solid body control and consistent setup mechanics.  This is a relatively high probability prospect with the ability to develop into an above-average Major League third baseman with a well-rounded skill set.

Chavisâ\x80\x99 game is built on his ability to drive the baseball, but everything else is a bit fringy. His swing is strong, powerful, compact and fast, but his bat-to-ball is inconsistent due to his aggressiveness and some approach issues. He has enough natural skill to hit for a workable average with power, which does profile well at a corner infield position. His glove and footwork make me question whether third base is his long-term defensive home, but he has enough natural range to work in second or left field. Chavis has lots of imperfections in his profile and still needs to answer some questions, but the ceiling is there for Chavis to become a major league regular.

Chavis displayed his power during this series, using his deep load and leg kick to hit the ball with force to the gaps. Timing issues are currently present, but the swing does not have any serious flaws.  Chavis does not have the athleticism to work defensively up the middle, and he played 3B during my viewing. The glove is inconsistent currently, but he has enough raw ability to potentially work average at 3B. The risk is high, as Chavis is still raw in many phases of the game, but the inherent ability shined during this series. Round Drafted: 1st rd (26th overall), 2014Why; Plus raw power up the middle; raw tools are visible, could play at SS, 3B, 2B.

Potential starting catcher with strong defensive profile and plus arm, enough bat to project as a big league regular. 

Collins profiles as a three-true-outcomes bat, who works the count very well, which should shield his weaker bat to ball skills some. Thereâ\x80\x99s a lot going on with the swing as he employs a hitch and gets off balance, which makes his above-average raw ability play down. Heâ\x80\x99s likely to hit 20+ homers because he can really drive the ball when he puts the bat on it. His upside is somewhat limited because thereâ\x80\x99s a long way to go in terms of contact with his bat, playing more usual as a first baseman/DH type. He should turn into starting caliber player, but youâ\x80\x99ll have to put up with spotty defense and high strikeout numbers.

No feel for the game; frequently tries to do too much; extremely hard on himself; very emotional on the field, particularly when things donâ\x80\x99t go well; plays with extremely aggressive style. Athleticism, bat speed and strength all intrigue; complete lack of feel for the game; any adjustments to opposing pitchers are completely accidental; will be a streaky hitter; has potential for decent average and pop when heâ\x80\x99s going right; can be a complete black hole when heâ\x80\x99s off; defense is not an asset; limited to left field only with poor reads/routes and a poor arm; solid runner; intense competitor; can be too hard on himself; can let past failures impact him moving forward; needs to focus on contact and working the middle of the field, rather than selling out for power; potential part-time role at the MLB level.

Conforto displays an average bat, which will allow him to play as a regular in the majors. He is a LF only profile, which hinders his overall value. Conforto will hit enough to be a regular, but I did not see anything more than an average regular. There is minimal risk, as he was a seasoned college player. Round Drafted: 1st round (10th overall), 2014Why: Seasoned college bat with potential for average hit tool and power; quick moving.

Conforto is an advanced bat that is already close to being a finished product. He understands his role in a lineup and looks to drive the ball. Doing so doesn't require him to over-swing, using his strength and frame to remain under control and manipulate the barrel within the strike zone. He can get beat inside with premium velocity, but it's not a significant issue. He also has some comfort issues with left-handed pitching, but no more than are typical for most left-handed hitters and not enough to force a platoon. The player doesn't offer much value with his glove or legs, putting the pressure on his bat to carry the load. He's not a bad defender, but the lack of foot speed and arm strength limit him to left field, where he will be adequate at present but below-average as he ages. Conforto doesn't have any elite tools, but the combination of his strength and hitting talent make for a potential everyday bat in a corner outfield position.

Drafted in the second round out of Duke in 2018, Conine has the tools and pedigree to be a solid everyday corner outfielder. The approach at the plate needs to become more disciplined but the power will play at the highest level. Profiles as a solid everyday right fielder. 

Contreras has a high ceiling based on standout athleticism for the position. It shows at the plate with an explosive, power-based swing that utilizes his lower half and has big lift and extension. He'll get the most from his raw power and hit enough to make it play. His defense is a work in progress with inconsistent results with the glove, but the athleticism gives him the framework to be average and he offers an above-average arm with flashes of plus times. Contreras has the tools to play every day behind the plate and offer impact pop for the position.

Quality athlete who has done well since signing on with the Twins after being drafted by the Tigers. Corcino lacks enough playable tools overall to be a viable player at the major-league level. Organizational depth.

Signed by the Padres for $175,000 as an IFA in 2011, Cordero has since migrated off the infield dirt to center field by way of left. He shows the instincts and physicality to handle the position as an average defender, with plus foot speed supporting strong range and closing ability. He's an impressive athlete, though his explosiveness doesn't fully translate on the bases, where he shows as a raw reader of opposing pitchers. Cordero has a swing plane conducive to lifting pitches, but mechanical inconsistencies and poor barrel delivery leaves him frequently swinging over pitches instead, resulting in significant swing-and-miss and rolled-over ground balls. The raw speed and defensive projection to handle center combines to give him a plausible path to a big league bench role, with the bat determining how long he holds the position.

Correa stuggled early in the season with his bat, but he never took it on the field with him. That just shows you the type of makeup he has. He'll make a highlight-reel play and run back to the dugout without a smile on his face because that's what he's supposed to do. The bat will take some time, but you could make the case he's already best shortstop in the organization. Combine the tools and the ability to make quick adjustments as a 19-year-old, the sky is the limit. 

The player is the complete package, showing ability to contribute in all phases of the game, including with his intangibles, while showing present polish in addition to tremendous potential of what he could become.  The floor is a high one because of a small gap between present and future. But also because of excellent secondary skills; the defense will be there, as will the weapon of an arm. The patient approach at the plate will allow him to post high walk rates, boosting his overall value beyond the scouting report. The ceiling is an easy to see franchise-changing talent that a team can build around for his career.  The makeup is 80-grade and will energize a fan base in addition to teammates in the clubhouse. He won't need to move off of shortstop until he is well into his career, but that is the case with every player in modern history. By then, the value of his All-Star offense paired with plus defense at shortstop for perhaps a decade will make the switch to third easy to swallow.

Prototypical RF profile, lack of feel for hitting and below average defense hurts value overall. Could hit 15-20 homers in an everyday role but is more likely a bench bat/5th OF. 

Plus-plus raw power with tick below AVG hit tool. Former 2nd round pick has long bat path and tendency to swing-miss. However, also capable of barreling balls and making hard contact. Raw power is plus-plus with carry to all fields. Defensively, future first baseman. OF play can be rough. Arm and glove limiting to LF if remaining in OF. Has athleticism, but lacks gracefulness--very apparent on bases. Large build seems destined to slow down with age. If move to first base pushed glove to AVG, possible to see future as AVG regular with big power. Likely 4th OF or DH, power bench bat. 

Crawford is one of the most defensively polished players I've seen come through the GCL and FSL. He's a no doubt future big league short stop with an offensive game that won't put eye popping numbers, but will be playable at the top of a lineup. With positive makeup and a strong work ethic, Crawford should steadily show improvements in all phases of his game. There are legitimate questions about his bat in the future, so risks remain high as he's yet to be tested by the polished pitching that players don't encounter until the Double-A level. Even with those concerns not yet being answered, Crawford shows a high baseball IQ with instincts that will help his tools play up as he advances. Defense will always be his calling card, but with his contact based approach, he should be able to hit for good average. Couple that with his glove and you have yourself a nice big league player that plays a premium position at a high level. That's a combination that can make you live with the lack of power. 

Former first-round pick is a steady, true shortstop with four average-or-better tools. The hit tool projects plus with a patient approach as the standout attribute. He is rarely aggressive early in the count and will work pitchers for long at bats and walks. There is ample bat speed with a line-drive stroke that produces sound contact skills, though it's a pull-heavy approach. The frame suggests more speed utility than he shows, and it is more impactful in the field than on the bases. The glove and arm are carrying tools, with both rating as easy plus. Crawford should be a quality contributor offensively and defensively. Future well-rounded, starting SS with first-division potential.

Two plus-plus tools with a chance to stick at short isn't something to joke about. The power is somewhere in between plus and plus-plus at the moment. If he decides to go all out in his physical development, it could get close to 80 grade (and maybe the arm could, too).  

It's going to take a bit longer than Rockies fans may like but the payoff should be worth it. At worst Dahl turns into Drew Stubbs. The defense alone will carry him to the big leagues. Dahl seems to be struggling with finding his identity as a player but that should come with time. Sometimes he's a leadoff hitter trying to work the count, other times he's the aggressive two hole hitter hunting fastballs, and in BP he can hang with just about any 3 or 4 hole hitter. Once he settles in things should start to take off. This young man is an extremely hard worker blessed with elite physical tools. A rare combination who should one day be a mainstay in the Rockies lineup.

Athletic OF with elite bat speed and above-average hit tool. Former first-round pick with injury history. Bat speed is plus-plus and generates hard contact. Mechanics of swing have some issues with consistent timing, leading to late contact or frequent swing-misses. Swing-miss tendency and early count aggressiveness will be limiters of hit tool, but feel to hit is there to be above-average. Capable of loud, hard contact, though more of a line-drive stroke. Should be a doubles machine, though increased HR production, especially if Coors is his home field, is highly possible. Above-average defender with ability to handle CF. Like the profile better, given average arm and injury history, in a corner spot. average speed with good instincts. 20-20 seasons not out of the question. Above-average regular in the outfield when healthy.

Davidson is a first-round talent based on the frame and array of tools. He doesnâ\x80\x99t have a clear carrying tool, but he does pretty much everything well and does it from the left side of the infield. Itâ\x80\x99s a solid frame with height, length and athleticism, and thereâ\x80\x99s room for added muscle to tap into good power projection. There are swing-and-miss concerns and heâ\x80\x99s likely to rack up strikeouts, but he walks and will hit for power while playing short or third down the road. An organization will probably have a decision to make regarding his defensive home in the future, but heâ\x80\x99s a serviceable shortstop and will remain one for at least a while. Thereâ\x80\x99s a lot to like with the potential in this profile.

Davis is a toolsy OF with a plus glove and double-plus speed, but lacks the approach and barrel control to consistently provide enough value as an everyday regular; Davis will struggle against stronger competition, but the defensive value will make him a reserve or depth player. Round Drafted: UDFA (Signed for $100,000)Why: Athletic player with potential for plus glove, speed and a workable hit tool.

Davis is a pure 80 runner, a hitter who makes fielders uncomfortable at the plate as he is looking to bunt and get on base. He lacks the hitting skills to be a bigger threat overall. Being a below-average OF defensively doesn't help matters as poor routes/jumps will hurt him down the road. Every organization has a Terrance Gore type floating around, the Brewers one is named Johnny Davis. 

Davis is an extremely gifted athlete that will likely never correlate his athleticism into baseball skills. He is one of the better athletes I have seen on a diamond, but the bat is extremely inconsistent and he often flails against any secondary offering that is solid-average or higher. The defense may get him to the majors, but the bat is not a true tool unless he drastically improves the approach at the plate.

Davis is still raw but has plenty of potential. I was impressed with the strides made as a teenager facing more advanced pitching in the Midwest League. The arm is on the light side but he should be able to stick in center. He's still a long way off but the potential speed/power combination gives a high ceiling. 

Mason Davis was a guy I had no idea about coming into the series. He impressed at the plate and showed versatility defensively. Because of his defensive ability and speed, his light bat will not play that much of a factor due to the fact that he has a utility player ceiling. Davis is a guy who is feasting on lesser competition presently and he will be challenged more as he progresses. Davis will provide value off the bench for a MLB club as a pinch runner/utility/defensive replacement 25th-man type player. Drafted: 2014 19th round, Why: advanced college bat; defensive versatility; threat with legs; late round win if he reaches/succeeds at AA level Ceiling: Role 40; MLB Utility.

Davis features two at-least plus raw tools in his power and arm, but it's an open question as to whether either will ultimately play in games. His swing is long with some timing and balance issues that can be exploited by good sequencing and execution. In the field his poor foot speed limits his range and below-average mobility raises the question of whether his arm may end up a hidden asset at first.  

De Leon profiles best as a utility infielder, where his defensive skill set and switch-hitting contact abilities will allow him to provide value in a bench role. His elite coordination, spin recognition and quality instincts means his abilities will likely transfer well to the MLB. There is some downside risk that his aggressive approach will lead to too much swing-and-miss even for a utility role, but I am not hugely concerned yet.

The profile is a tough one for Dean, who doesn't feature premium athleticism or power. He's limited to left field defensively, but doesn't have the power potential to be an everyday player there. The one thing Dean does well is square up a baseball consistently, with a hit tool that could help carry him into a big league role if all else goes right, and enough gap power for it not to be a completely empty average.  He won't be an everyday player, but guys with an above-average hit tool have a chance to get to the big leagues. Dean could find a role as a fourth outfielder.

2013 1st rounder (#30 overall) out of high school, extreme risk profile due to raw bat and an 80-game PED suspension served in 2015. Demeritte shows premium athleticism and quick-twitch movement, and he projects to boast four average-or-better game tools. The raw power is true plus, as he has a swing built to drive the baseball. The loud contact he manages to make comes at the high price of extreme swing-and-miss tendencies heightened by an aggressive approach that frequently migrates out of the zone. Between empty swings and those that produce weak pop-up or rolled-over contact I'm not convinced he ever hits .240 in the big leagues, but there's enough patience and power that I think he can make it work enough to drive a second-division starting profile at the keystone, with the physicality for utility reps around the dirt if the hit tool holds him back. 

DeShields is an interesting prospect; a physical presence at second base which doesnâ\x80\x99t exactly fit the profile. The hit tool could become plus assuming he begins to attack pitchers more often, without sacrificing his solid plate approach/on-base ability. His speed is fantastic and could become a huge weapon for him at the major-league level. Unfortunately, those two tools are most likely his only plus potential weapons going forward. The defense is too much of a question mark to overlook at this point and the negative marks on his makeup could end up lowering his ultimate ceiling as a player.

Signed as an international free agent in 2013 for $1,500,000. Devers displays an advanced feel and approach at the plate for his age, and put together a monster showing this weekend. This was an impressive showing for the Dominican talent, as he went 5-6 with two home runs on Saturday. The barrel control and bat speed help to limit most of his minor issues with recognizing off-speed, and he has the cognizance to make adjustments in-game and even during a single at-bat. The power is natural and easy, with minimal effort in the swing.  There is risk involved with Devers due to the body and defensive potential. Devers presently owns a larger frame and increased growth could further limit his development and chance to stick at 3B, which would push him to 1B. The bat should still play at 1B. 

Solid, athletic outfielder with above-average hit tool and plus-plus speed. If the arm and defense allow him to stick in CF he could project to an everyday player, if not he might top out as a fourth outfielder. 

Diaz is the rare middle infielder whose power grades better than his ability to hit for contact. He projects to produce much better power numbers at his likely position of second base than his peers, and he has enough natural hit tools to project average hit utility.. His fielding and speed donâ\x80\x99t weigh down his projection enough to keep him from potentially being an above-average major league regular, with his floor sitting just below that.  

Player has tweener risk, but future defensive home is in a corner. RF is the best fit given above-average arm and average range at the position. Player does enough good things at the plate to carve out an average regular role, with his best attributes being a patient approach and good eye. There's just enough of the hit/power combo with average defense to nail down a role as a regular RF. 

Isan Diaz is a 19-year-old shortstop in his first year of full-season professional baseball. He has an advanced bat and approach for his age due to above average bat speed and feel to hit. He is adequate at short currently but a move to second will happen. He will be an everyday second baseman at the ML level with the bat being his carrying tool.  

Signed out of Cuba for a hefty bonus last fall, Diaz has held his own as one of the youngest regulars in the California League all season. He's a raw player, and while there is in some cases a sizable gap between his present and future grades, his skill set doesn't really have any holes. The approach and swing mechanics are both inconsistent, but he has the skill set to develop into a quality hitter, and he has the frame to grow into more power. He's not a great base-runner at present, but there's above-average or better straight-line speed that plays well in the outfield. There's enough track-and-close skill to leave him primarily in center for now, and he possesses enough arm strength to handle either corner if he doesn't quite get there up the middle.  This is a potential above-average regular if it comes together, one who does a little bit of a lot of different things to help a team win, and does everything pretty well. The skill set is broad enough to where he's a lower-variance prospect despite a longer probable lag time to the majors. 

Diaz profiles as a selective hitter who has plus zone command and bat-to-ball skills. He has moderate strength in his swing and will hit for power and average at the highest level. There is a high amount of risk with the player, as he has a considerable amount of swing-and-miss to his offense-reliant game. He is not a special defender, though he shows a steady glove and he has the bat to carry him to a plus profile.

Wilmer Difo put on a show during my viewing. He showed present raw power and strength with premium bat speed and an advanced approach. I trust his actions at shortstop and he has plenty of arm for the position. Difo is a legit threat on the base paths and his speed is a game changer. His tools are loud and he put it all together last year and has continued his success this year. I wouldn't be surprised to see him in AA by mid-year this year and is expected to be in the MLB by mid-to-late 2016. Ceiling: Role 60; First Division SS.

Dixon is a very good athlete that can make an impact in various facets of the game. His speed is surprising; he gets down the line well and has an extra gear if he needs to turn it on. With better actions at 2nd base (after a move from 3rd) and solid defense from an up-the-middle position, he can provide some value. The problem with Dixon is his bat; I'm not sold he'll ever hit enough to reach the major leagues and make a contribution. The looks I had were in the beginning of the season (April), where he batted .148/.146/.250, but he's picked it up shortly after to a respectable level. Even while he was hitting the ball hard on occasion, a change of speed or breaking pitch with two strikes had him chasing. I can see a backup role going forward if it all clicks, but it comes with very high risk. 

Dosch lacks a plus tool, which will ultimately hinder his ability to reach the majors. He is currently feasting on lower level pitching, mostly depth guys. Once Wilmington pitchers realized that Dosch would swing at sliders outside of the zone, they doubled and tripled up on the offering. The farther he goes in the minors, the more I expect the inability to recognize spin to become a hindrance. There is refinement needed defensively before he is ready to handle the next levels of the minors. Round Drafted: 7th round, 2013Why: College player with injury; slipped in draft; barrel control and projection with glove to possibly become a second division 3B.

Downs is a jack-of-all-trades, who may be capable of mastering one or two of those skills. His versatility may prove to be his greatest strength, as his offensive-production can overcome any defensive culpability. He's a dynamic speed/power combo ballplayer who's developing and fine-tuning his natural abilities. A Enrique HernÃ¡ndez/Mookie Betts blend.

Iâ\x80\x99m a big believer in this kid. I think heâ\x80\x99s a very polished player and the tools are mature. He has such natural feel for the game that it seems it comes easy to him. He has a dreamer's build, which is muscular throughout, and is still a very good athlete. His defense is solid average over at 3B and the arm is plus, he could definitely play there long term. He has a natural feel for hitting and his man strength contributes to his raw power. If he puts it all together as the season progresses, he could be a very special player.

Dozier has three future plus tools, but they are slumbering some at the current time. The most important part of Dozier's game is his approach at the plate and how he is able to conduct his at-bats. The barrel skills are tremendous and he will hit at the higher levels. While he is honing these skills, the home-run power might slumber more, but it should arise shortly. The defense is not an issue to me, as he still looks to be learning the craft of third base. It might take some time, but the bat should allow him to stick at the hot corner either way.

Draw here is multiple defensive position potential and potential contact ability; shows the makings of being able to handle short into the upper levels; raw offensively; lack of strength and whether enough can be added is concern for offensive game; shows some feel for hitting; does not look over-matched against more experienced competition; grind of season will take toll; long way to go developmentally, but see utility/bench player potential with the prospect.

Dubon's value is primarily primarily tied to his defensive capabilities, as he can play SS, 2B and 3B, with the athleticism to potentially play OF if needed. With the versatility, he fits the role of a utility player. Dubon's ability to play an above-average SS added along with moderate barrel control and above-average bat speed could push his role towards an everyday SS on a second-division squad. The risk is high since Dubon is in his first year of full-season ball. Round Drafted: 26th round, 2013Why: Athletic player with projection; displays barrel control and ability to stick up the middle; potential utility option.

See as a glove-first regular in center field. 23 y/o L/R outfielder, average hit, above-average run/fleld, well-below-average raw pop and a fringe arm that could limit him to LF in the long run, moderate interest. 

Duran projects as an above-average second baseman who could offer you some pop towards the bottom of the lineup of a first division team. There's significant risk in the hit tool until we see him against better arms, but the raw power and defensive tools give him a utility fallback position even if he's more of a .230-.240 hitter. There's also some positive risk if something clicks in the approach/swing mechanics with further pro instruction. 

Edwards has the combination of game-changing speed and a potential plus hit tool. Defensively, he's best suited for second base which will put a lot of pressure on the bat to develop. Profiles as a future major league starter at the keystone and top of the lineup bat. 

Ellis is a perfect example of a player whose value hinges on his hit tool. He projects as a borderline defender with an okay glove at third at the next level, and while the arm can play on the left side, there will be some accuracy issues along the way. Ellis has terrific raw power, but the question is whether or not heâ\x80\x99ll hit enough to get to that power in games. His long swing will likely give some teams pause. If Ellis proves that he can recognize and lay off secondaries, he can have a future as a low-average, 20-plus homer average regular at third. 

Drafted in second round of the 2016 draft, Erceg quickly hit his way out of Rookie ball. The 21-year-old has a lean frame with wiry strength that should add more power as he continues to mature. At the plate he combines above-average bat speed with power potential, while a true plus-plus arm plays in the field with enough range for third base. He's high-risk, and there's ample swing-and-miss. But the power is to all fields, and he projects as a major-league regular if enough of it plays. 

One of many multi-million dollar Dodger signings out of Cuba, Estevez is a solid, projectable middle infielder with across-the-board skill and a high floor. While he will slow with physical maturity, potentially to the tune of a slightly below-average speed tool, all other tools project to  major-league average. Some present swing-and-miss has been exposed in his aggressive full-season assignment this year, but there is impressive bat-to-ball ability, and both his power and approach have developed over the course of the season. There's some risk in the profile, but Estevez has the tools to develop into a regular second baseman, with the chance to produce league-average value if the power develops and plays in full. 

Fisher's athleticism stands out on the field, though it doesn't fully translate on the defensive side. He lacks the kind of nose for the ball that a true center fielder needs, and coupled with a below-average arm he will likely be limited to left. He's shown enough improvement in his routes to suggest a competent ceiling in that corner as long as his speed holds up.  There's a lot of interesting raw material in his offensive game. He can be a legitimate weapon on the basepaths, with outstanding speed and quickness, and the instincts to make the tool play. He brings surprising pop into the box but lacks consistency in his execution at present. The first half of his swing has a lot of moving parts. He'll lose his bat control and get out of synch regularly. And while he shows command of the zone around the black he'll frequently expand up and down to take himself out of at-bats. If the offensive profile comes together and he gets on base enough, there's potential for an above-average regular in left. His speed and power combination should be enough to get him into a Major League lineup for a period of time even if the hit tool never quite gets there. 

Florial has tools galore and is a potential five-tool player with the amount of bat speed, strength projection, and athleticism that he brings to the table. His ability to make loud contact is exactly what youâ\x80\x99re looking for in a potential all-star. Florial does have his weaknesses adjusting to pitches in the zone at times, but heâ\x80\x99s still real young and flashes enough bat control and spray ability to project that these areas will improve as he gains experience. Florial is a rare breed because of his hit, power and speed capabilities, which makes him a potential first-division starter as he continues to progress. 

Despite not being able to legally buy cigarettes yet, Franco has already established himself as one of the elite prospects in the game. Should probably already be in full-season ball and is less risky than you'd think due to the advanced bat and ability to stick at the 6. Conservatively he's one of the top 25 prospects in the game, and these grades may look low this time next year. Stuff him to all your friends. 

I want to see Franco against better competition, but he seems to struggle picking up secondary stuff; perhaps its because his mechanical approach is all one speed and aggressive; perhaps its not obvious yet because he knows how to time to fringe velocity without losing the ability to recover to bad guesses. But something seemed off; need more looks. Franco really draws back the bow in his swing, and I question his ability to make consistent hard contact at the highest level; the timing kick is aggressive and getting the front foot down against premium velocity could be an issue. The hand/eye Is so good that he might be one of those players that just makes it work despite the obvious swing length and aggressiveness; the power is good enough to play despite a hit tool that could play down; defensive profile at third Is below average at present; unlikely to reach average utility; well below average run; body could be issue down the line; not a star player; hit tool could spoil the major league party.

Franco's an elite hitting prospect who will have above average power with maturity. He will likely find a home at second, but the bat is strong enough to handle a move to any position. Profiles as a perennial All-Star, impact player. 

Realistic ceiling of athletic, abv-avg RF regular w/ explosive, power-based toolset. Higher-risk ceiling of R60 all-star contributor if pure hitting ability comes on and strikeouts decrease. Really fun player to watch; high-energy gamer w/ extremely loud raw tools. 

Corner OF with lightning quick bat and mostly avg tool set. Former 1st round pick, has elite batspeed, but combination of swing mechanics, over-aggressiveness, and swing-miss tendencies limit ability to consistently barrel ball and keeps hit tool below avg. Bat speed can generate power, but more of a mistake hitter at present. Consistency in hit tool will need to improve for power to realize. Glove/arm grade out as future avg; athleticism makes him capable. Above avg speed that aids athleticism. Will always get opportunities given athleticism and bat speed. Capitalizing on potential more risky on this enigmatic talent.

Part of the Cubs' 2013 international signing class, Galindo offers the potential to become a solid everyday corner infielder. He's shown bat to ball skills and his natural strength gives some pop. However, the game swing plays more towards line drives and limits his power potential. There are no standout tools like some of his 2013 counterparts, but it's a well rounded game with no glaring holes. 

Gallagher is a big, physcial catcher who calls a good game and has well rounded receiving skills. He flashes average bat speed and can put the barrel on the ball. He has the raw power but the in-game hit utility isn't there for the power to play and running isn't part of his game. I really like him behind the plate and ultimately I think if he can refine some things at the plate and make adjustments, he can find himself as a role 4; backup C type.

Gallo hit massive shots in BP that we all have seen before but thatâ\x80\x99s not what impressed me. He struggled against Manaea and arm-side stuff but made an adjustment each night. Gallo was sitting on breaking pitches and still driving fastballs. Against Almonte, he crushed a mistake to left-CF for HR like he will usually do. His next at-bat, runners at 1B and 2B, he laid off a plus-plus CH (one of the best Almonte threw all night) just off the plate, fading away. I anticipated Gallo was going to swing out of his shoes but he took it. He then took a strike on the outer part of the plate, which was a pitch he could drove but chose to be patient. Almonte threw him a CH down and Gallo sat on it and drove it through the hole in between 1B-2B hitting behind the runners. His last at-bat against Almonte, Almonte tried to come inside with 95. FB had heavy sink and started at Galloâ\x80\x99s hip and ended up on the inside corner. I saw Gallo shuffle out of the way of this pitch before. This time he opened the hips, kept hands inside the ball and got extreme extension post contact. The ball got lost in the night. The adjustments heâ\x80\x99s made have impressed me. And even if the hit tool never reaches my projected assumption, I still think heâ\x80\x99s Pedro Alvarez at the plate at least.

Gamboa is an athlete that has room to improve his hit tool considerably throughout the minors given his loose swing and flashes of bat control at just 19 years old. He struggles with velocity, but will improve in that area as he matures into his frame. Iâ\x80\x99m not as confident in his ability to hit for power because of his more linear swing. But he has enough fielding chops to stick at short. He has the potential to be a second-division starter, even though there is moderate risk because of the amount of projection in his profile right now.

David Garcia is a good athlete with advanced catching abilities and quality offensive markers that should allow him to project as a tandem catcher at the MLB level. Garcia's quality hit tool and approach along with a "drive the ball" mentality will likely let him provide enough value with the bat to allow his quality defensive profile to shine through. If playing catcher and the grind stiffens Garcia's swing up as he ages, his carrying tool on the offensive side will be limited and he would likely be relegated to a up/down role. If Garcia maintains his athleticism and improves his approach moving through the system and carrying a heavy workload, he could be a solid regular on a first division team.

A 28th-round senior sign in 2015, Garlick is old for the level. He shows natural bat-to-ball skills and raw strength that translates into game power despite an unorthodox swing that doesn't incorporate much lower half. That swing has undergone some overhaul since last summer, specifically in the setup and launch, and his production hasn't missed a beat. He wants to hit in the box, though he has exhibited improvement in his command of the zone against hard stuff in particular this spring. The successful adjustments are a good sign, though the path is narrow. Poor foot speed limits his ceiling on the bases and in the field, so the bat will need to carry him to a 25-man cameo or three.

Garrett has yet to play in a full season, in part due to a, uh, prank gone awry in 2016. Furthermore, Garrett played two sports prior to signing pro in 2014. Therefore, in terms of development, he still needs more seasoning than a typical high schooler drafted in 2014. Currently not playing his best baseball because he is behind developmentally. With his aptitude and talents, performance will improve. Although his approach is poor, Garrett has flashed the ability to command the zone, recognize pitches and line the field with hits versus more advanced pitchers. I do wonder if there are lingering effects of his right hand/nerve injury, as it reportedly affected him last season. With further development, Garrett projects to be a second-division Left Fielder.

Gettys tantalizes with elite athleticism and big-time raw tools. He's a physical specimen with a huge arm, plus speed and raw power, and the makings of a solid-average glove in centerfield. The big question remains whether he'll ever hit enough for it to matter. He's attempted to make some adjustments to his setup and swing, but he remains oddly stiff in his setup and launch, and while he's shown improvement in his balance and stride, the barrel delivery remains below-average. If he can find himself a hitting coach that can figure out how to unlock his power and draw out more consistent contact, there remains all-star potential here. As is, he offers enough speed, defense, and nascent game power to profile as a big-leaguer even in spite of a below-average offensive trajectory. 

Gillaspie is the younger brother of Connor Gillaspie.  He lacks true impact at first base, but can handle the bat efficiently enough to play as a second division mold. The bat is consistent from the right side, showing a linear swing that is able to produce more efficiently. However, the left side is where all his power impact will likely come.  The overall package is not impact, but Gillaspie should be a fast moving prospect that displays a great approach and excellent maturity. This is a floor prospect rather than ceiling.

Gimenez is a very polished middle infielder for his age both at the plate and in the field. Needs to add strength for the offensive profile to play up, and may lack a carrying tool in the end. Being able to play everyday at shortstop would be a big boon for the profile. Check back on that in two years as the body matures. 

See as a bench/platoon-type starter. 20-year-old R/R OF, has quality bat speed but an aggressive approach with lack of pitch recogniton skills will hold him back even with average game power. Average defender in the COF with above-average arm strength. Still young, moderate interest, high risk.

Gonzalez is an organizational player that provides speed and defense in center field, where he should be able to stick in the foreseeable future. While the bat provides minimal value, Gonzalez's swing should allow him to see success in the lower minors.

Gordon is a premium athlete and is one of the better shortstop prospects in the league. He's struggling to make contact this year, but is still working quality at-bats and playing solid defense. Potential everyday player.

Gordon is still early in the development curve but the tools are there for a special player. He teases an advanced feel for the barrel and an ability to use the whole field. Gordon has a high baseball IQ, more power than youâ\x80\x99d think by looking at him and the glove will stick at shortstop. 

Gordon is raw, but the tools are there for a very special player. He shows a plus feel for the barrel and ability to hit to all fields. The linear, line drive swing shows potential for a plus hit tool. The power will likely be minimal and more of gap-to-gap power, but has more power than you would think from his frame. Above average speed. Quick out of the box as well as quick defensively. Smart base runner. High baseball IQ stood out. Strong arm and good fundamentals defensively that profile as plus from the SS position, and strong enough to stay at short. 

Gorman has all the tools to eventually become a future all-star. He's still raw at the plate and will need to continue to make adjustments to his swing and approach if he's going to maximize his power. The arm and glove are solid enough to allow him to stick at third but the bat is strong enough to handle a move across the diamond if needed. The high ceiling comes with a strong amount of risk due to his youth but it's an exciting profile due to the exceptional power. 

Gotta has all the tools to project into a Major League regular, with an athletic body and well-rounded skills. He shows offensive aptitude, with consistent loud contact and some demonstrated on-base ability. Noisy hitting mechanics may get exploited at next levels, average regular potential if the hit tool holds up. 

A former third-rounder, Green has slowly moved up the ladder, repeating in the FSL after missing most of last season with injuries. He has some strength but needs to improve his contact ability to have a role greater than a bat off the bench. Lack fo game power creates a tough profile at first base, so he will need to show some versatility to move up the chain.

The best pure prep hitter in this year's draft class, Greene will use that as his carrying tool as a pro. Destined for a corner outfield spot, he is a middle-of-the-order type that will be a good run producer, although may not be a great on-base guy. If he is able to add some extra strength he could turn into a prodigious hitter.

Gregor fits into the dreaded first baseman/designated hitter profile, putting extreme pressure on the bat to continue performing as he climbs the minor league ladder. He lacks projection in his tools, and largely is what he is.  The hit/power tools are a nice combination, but teams don't carry a backup first baseman. It is worth a shot to see if he could play left field even in a part time basis, giving him some way to create some value, even if it just in the form of positional flexibility.  With the hit/power tools failing to meet the high expectations set for a second division first baseman, this player is likely an up-and-down type, spending most of his time in Triple-A. 

Greiner had some promise initially but has had issues since a hamate injury in 2014. At this point he has some major-league value as a defensive back-up who works well with a pitching staff, but is also likely to be a quality org player.

Drafted in the first round of the 2015 draft out of Richland HS in Texas, Trent Clark is a physical center fielder with an advanced offensive skill set.  He combines elite bat speed with an advanced batting eye to control the strike zone and stays within himself.  Defensively he patrols center field with solid reads off the bat and a plus arm that plays up in center with carry through the bag.  Profiles as an everyday CF with a bat that will keep him at the top of the lineup.  

Clarkâ\x80\x99s potential lies above what his realistic impact will be at the major league level. While heâ\x80\x99s still young in High-A, his mechanics and approach are still too wild to let his natural hitting ability play the way it should. He has the capability to play center, but I question his ability to lead an outfield. His raw tools are evident, but thereâ\x80\x99s just too many holes in his game to project him as a likely major-league caliber starter. 

Upside potential of an all-around catcher, a solid defender with an above-average bat relative to the position. High risk profile, but has performed well in college and with wood bats in the Cape Cod League.

Groshans has the look of an older, more polished college bat not a teenager playing in his first full season assignment. He's big and strong with plenty of projection left in the tank. The bat has potential to be a middle of the lineup type that is a rare mix of contact and power. That offensive potential will allow for an eventual move off the six. Profiles as a plus starter at the major league level that is an occasional All-Star. 

Signed as an international free agent in 2012 for $575,000. Grullon has a defense-first profile, which will carry him through the minors. The glove is currently inconsistent, but flashes plus ability. I see a light bat that will struggle in the majors, but the glove is enough for Grullon to stick as an average regular. The risk is still high due to a lack of experience at the higher levels and concerns regarding the bat moving forward.

Signed by Boston for $250,000 out of Panama in 2012, traded to San Diego in November 2015. Guerra is extremely young for his league, and it shows in an extremely raw, aggressive approach at the plate. Premier defensive tools at a premium position, along with some pop in the batter's box, combine to set a high floor for Guerra as an above-average big-league shortstop. A couple steps forward with the approach and swing consistency can put him on the doorstep of a first-division career. 

Guerra signed as an international free agent in 2012 for $250,000. Guerra has a plus glove and a double-plus arm, making him a safe option to stick at SS and provide premium value up the middle. There is enough juice in the bat to provide value offensively, and his progression at the plate will determine whether his overall future value. The risk is high due to his limited time in full-season ball, but the glove will carry him throughout the minors.

Guerrero has what you look for in an corner-outfield prospect; a large body with plus raw power and an above-average arm, especially one with a lineage as rich as his. He's impressed in my couple of looks this season, hitting the ball all over the field and on a line. He tends to expand the zone, and because of that still has a high risk tied to his name. The approach is getting better from previous reports though, which is promising. The next test is Double-A which will probably be late this season and all of next. If he can continue to refine his plate discipline during that time, A first-division bat will start to look a little clearer on the horizon. I like his chances. 

Emilio is an extremely frustrating player, as he too often looks lost at the plate, with just enough short spurts of putting it all together to tantalize. It is unlikely he develops the consistency for an everyday role, though he'll have some value as an up-and-down player.

Featuring premium power, advanced feel to hit, and good arm strength, the only question with Guerrero is where he is going to play. He could improve himself to be a fringe-average 3B, but could be more playable in either an OF corner or 1B. Do have to watch weight somewhat as he ages but shouldn't be a major concern. See as a quality regular at 1B/COF.

This is my eighth season doing this and Guerrero has the best bat of any prospect I have seen. Plus-plus hit is a "reasonable" projection here, but I wouldn't be shocked if it's eventually elite given more experience against high-level pitching. The body portends a likely move across the diamond in his 20s, but the bat will easily carry a first base profile, and he's a better athlete than you'd guess on first glance. One of the premier prospects in the game today. Elite potential even at the lowest end of the defensive spectrum. Could beat the 2019 ETA if Toronto elects to push him.

Guillorme is a difficult player to evaluate in a traditional five-tool report. He does not show the traditional athleticism or arm that you would assume comes with a 6 shortstop glove, but his instincts in the field make up for his lack of footspeed, and his quick hands cover for an only average arm. The bat is very light and going to limit him to an occasional major league bench role at best, but his defensive abilities up the middle should keep him in employed in the upper minors for a decade. 

Guzman has been pushed aggressively in spite of some off-field circumstances and a bat-first profile that remains extremely undeveloped. I've seen him across three series now over the course of the past month and he's had a different starting position and set-up with his hands in each viewing. The tinkering is an effort to mold together some of the intriguing raw ingredients Guzman will sporadically flash into a more flowing, consistently balanced swing. He's a below-average athlete despite some flexibility in his big frame, and while he projects as an adequate defender the bat will have to be the carrying tool here and it does not currently project to be. His above-average raw power remains extremely limited in games, as his present approach is geared almost exclusively towards hitting line drives the other way. Poor tracking, length in the swing, and modest bat speed limit his hit tool projection. There's enough in the toolbox to dream on a Major League career, but the extreme risk in the profile makes it difficult to project one with confidence. 

Hit tool too underdeveloped to project as everyday player, given average defensive profile. Could fit in as backup catcher who will flash some power without giving away too much defensively. Needs to continue to get reps and work to tighten up hit tool. Needs to give away fewer at-bats. To be determined whether body will hold up over long season behind the plate. Third base and left field could be potential fits if required to shift from behind home, but offensive profile projects light for both spots.

Hairston is a gritty player, the kind who gets mad when he doesnâ\x80\x99t throw a runner out after tracking down a ball he had no right getting to. Despite his small stature, Hairston brings a big presence to the field. He swings hard and plays harder, sometimes to his detriment. His swing can get too much loft in it, resulting in fly balls rather than base hits. Hairston can be a streaky hitter, launching line drives into left field with repetition before going on a run of fly balls that are caught for outs. If Hairston can hone his approach at the next level and stick at shortstop ,thereâ\x80\x99s a chance he could be a solid regular who plays above his tools. 

Hampson's just a straight-up solid player, and a pesky hitter with quality hand-eye and quickness into the zone that allow him to exploit mistakes and stick line drives on them in any quadrant. He's a sound contact hitter with good command of the strike zone and a polished approach to hitting. He's also a plus runner with instincts and a quick start. The latter trait serves him well in the field, where he boasts above-average range and reliable hands. He's not a flashy ballplayer, and the lack of much in the way of game power caps the ceiling some. But I buy the hit tool, and combined with speed utility and a solid glove I like him in a second-division starting role through his prime years. 

Hanson does not have an exciting profile, largely because he will not be able stick as a SS. He does not have the arm or instincts to play there, and he is much better off playing a position with less athleticism required, such as 2B. He should be fine there, and could play average to solid-average defense there, simply because he has more time to set his feet and the throws are not as long. At the plate, Hanson shows ability to barrel the ball and spray is across the diamond. He is fairly consistent from both sides of the plate, and will make enough contact to hit for a decent batting average. He does not have a great eye at the plate and the discipline is not terrific. They likely hinder his ability to get on base, but the barrel skills make up for this some. Overall, Hanson is a solid second division prospect that should provide some offensive value at 2B. He can play SS in a pinch if necessary, but will not be able to stick there long-term.

Harrison has rawness but shows the ability to convert plus athleticism to baseball skills. His athleticism allows margin for error, but the player has developmental hurdles remaining to reach his realistic role. Defensively, if routes and reads do not improve, anticipate a move to RF. At plate, plate discipline development is critical to everyday role, allowing 7 raw power and speed on bases to play. Harrison has incredible upside if he hits all of his development hurdles. Project to be good enough in CF to stick there where his power will be an asset. Given athleticism, make-up reports, prior development, confidently project continued improvement at plate and in all around game. Risk/variance still high in hit tool until he shows he can make enough good contact above A-ball. 

Hart is a raw prospect with a long way to go before everything clicks. The defense and speed will carry him for now, but the bat has a bit to go before reaching its ceiling. The consistent, short stroke from Hart works often, although the production remains hollow at this time. Hart makes a ton of contact, but he is still learning the in's and out's of the game. I can see the development from early April simply from his approach at the plate. He is progressing even though there has been little evidence. Hart is going to see production once he gets more acclimated with professional ball. Some of his best AB this series was against Giolito, where he showed progression and refinement from his first AB to the last.  Hart has high risk because the tools are raw currently. He will move slow and is the type of player that will need to make a stop at every level, likely for an entire year. The defense can get him to the majors alone, but the bat could end up being average. This is a speedy, leadoff type that could provide a little sparkplug atop a lineup.

Hart is a terrific athlete with all the tools to become a spark-plug atop a lineup in the majors. His defense alone will get him to the highest level, but the bat has a long ways to go and he will need to see plenty more repetitions in the minors before he sees the light of the majors. Overall, his game has been impressive, but in flashes.

Hart has a natural feel for hitting, and his barrel skills have been on display during my viewings. He is going to hit, but the lack in-game power is a concern and will hinder his overall value. At the very least, Hart is going to provide value as a depth or bench option solely on the defense alone. There is still a wide gap between Hart's current and future hit tool. Round Drafted: 1st round (37th overall), 2013. Signed for $1.45 million.Why: Feel for hitting with the potential to hit for average and provide plus defense in CF.

This is a very similar Courtney Hawkins that I disliked last year. He doesnâ\x80\x99t recognize off speed well at all. I have serious questions about his natural ability to hit the ball and his hand-eye coordination could be subpar. His body does not project well for me. He is thick in every aspect as a 20 year-old and that will be high maintenance to keep up with going forward. Heâ\x80\x99s not a defensive asset and I donâ\x80\x99t think Hawkins will ever hit enough to reach the highest level. 

There's untapped potential in Hayes that will take tweaks to see it fulfilled. The biggest is above-average to plus raw power that plays down in games because of a contact-geared swing with an occasional choppy plane and lack of lower-half utilization. He has an advanced approach and makes consistent contact, and his value will be carried between an above-average hit tool and strong defense at third base. It's not an impact profile, but it's enough to play every day with the chance for more if adjustments are made.

Instinctive, confident, athletic position player with the ability to spray the ball, Hayes does a lot of things right. He holds down third exceptionally well, is aggressive on the basepaths, has bat control as well as plus bat speed. He lacks the power for third base, which might be okay for the creative and progressive Pirates, still a move off of third is likely. Depending on the team and their criteria for power at the corners, Hayes projects to be a major-league third baseman with the ability to cover other positions.

Hays is fun to watch because of how hard he goes all the time. While he is an easy guy to root for, Hays also has all the tools to become a starting caliber outfielder at the next level. His power to all fields as well as his ability to barrel up balls and consistently make hard contact will make him a dangerous hitter in the future, despite his aggressive plate approach. You will have to put up with a few chased balls and miscues along the way, but Hays is a complete player that will be able to hit for both average and power at the next level, while remaining versatile in the outfield. 

Heim is an extremely raw prospect, but has an above-average defense and arm already. The hitting is well behind the defense, but he has shown mild improvements throughout the entire season. Heim has slowly improved over the year and his excellent makeup is a large reason why. He displayed a slight hitch from both sides, but has decreased this some. His hands were too high one game, too low the next, and then he was able to find a balanced location that provided a better path to the ball. He is able to take coaching and learn quickly. I question whether he can make enough contact to consistently provide value as a starter, but Heim has all the tools to at least be a backup at the highest level. He needs to be taken along slowly, but the tools are all evident.

Jonah Heim showed an advanced approach at the plate as well as plus catching tools. Heim will a defensive asset as he continues through the minors. He is a very projectable player and I think he will vastly improve at the plate. Heim received raves review from Buck Showalter about his catching abilities in spring training and they were well deserved. Heim will be a plus defender and just below average hitter allowing him to be a major league regular at the big league level. Drafted: 2013 4th round, 129th overallWhy: advanced catcher as amateur; projectable frame; projectable hitter and power potential Ceiling: Role 50; Major League Regular

Heredia doesn't pass the eye test at first glance, but the at least plus raw power and surprising speed make him more than notable. The swing mechanics and approach are severely holding him back from unlocking his raw power. The struggle to identify breaking pitches and swing and miss tendencies indicate that Heredia has a long way to go in his development. The power/some speed combination that Heredia could potentially have gives him an exciting ceiling, but his skills at the plate indicate the risk is extreme. At just 20 years old, it will be exciting to see how the historically successful Dodgers player development system will help Heredia unlock his potential. 

I was very impressed with the overall skill-set of Hernandez. He's a player who can display all five tools in the same game and have a huge impact. The hit tool is a work-in-progress due to his approach- which I'm not sure he can tone down due to his aggressive tendencies on a baseball field- but with plus bat-speed and good hands, I believe it can reach league-average going forward. The risk is tied to the hit tool, but I believe he can hit enough to allow his other tools to shine. 2nd-div starter for me with a chance for more if it all clicks.  

Despite plus athleticism, Herrera doesn't have any standout baseball tools. His best asset is his plus bat speed but he's still figuring out how to use it. If he refines his approach, he could be an above-average hitter at second base with moderate power for the position and some value on the bases. Most likely, however, is a utility role at second base and possibly in the outfield, where his athleticism would translate well.

A former 14th-rounder, Hilliard boasts a solid collection of baseball skills, offering workable corner outfield defense, some pop, and some speed. The swing is a bit unorthodox, and he tries to make up for mediocre bat speed with timing and adjustability. He'll take pitches and work walks to prop up his on-base profile, but he's not going to win any batting titles. He often struggles to stride online against same-handed pitching, bailing out and exposing wide swaths of real estate around the zone. The lack of a carrying defensive tool, couple with platoon issues, tickets him on a strong-side corner platoon track. There's enough talent here that he's a decent bet to pull it off. 

30; Up/Down/Emergency Utility Infielder. Above average defensive shortstop but will not hit enough to play every day or help consistently in a big league role.

Upper-level utility player with defensive chops to play anywhere on the dirt, could see some emergency time on account of quality defense. Interesting ORG piece.

A fifth-round pick in 2014, Hoskins is a bat-first prospect experiencing a breakout season at Double-A. The hit tool shows average potential; he demonstrates feel to hit and patience to work counts, though swing-and-miss tendencies, a pull-heavy approach, and a fly ball-heavy profile are limiting factors. The swing generates loft, with power that plays to the pull side and up the middle. Ballpark and lineup factors have contributed significantly to his present production, and the game power is more of an average tool. Hoskins profiles as a first baseman all the way, with a fringe arm and suspect glove. The foot speed is lacking, though he is a competent baserunner. His ability to adapt to off-speed exposure could push hit tool another half grade, making projection of a second-division first baseman more probable. More likely, this is a platoon player and power bat off the bench.

Hoskins displayed an impressive game during his series against Hagerstown. While the profile is strictly first base, I think he will hit enough to provide average value at the position. His swing lacks any significant hole and he displayed consistent mechanics. There is some risk due to a lack of experience against higher competition. Round Drafted: 5th round, 2014Why: Seasoned bat with potential to hit at an average level.

Upper level catching depth, below-average catcher lacks carrying offensive tool.

Hudson is an extremely gifted athlete, but very raw as a baseball player. His glove and speed are his true weapons, with the bat needing heavy refinement. He is currently displaying an extreme amount of inconsistencies with his approach and swing, which are creating excessive noise and poor results. Hudson looks overwhelmed at the plate at times, but flashed enough ability to pique my interest throughout the series. Hudson's ceiling is likely limited to a solid org player, but there is always the possibility that he surprises and becomes a fourth OF type down the road. The defense and speed are weapons.

Sam Huff has a set of loud physical tools on a massive frame that should carry a raw offensive approach towards a role as a tandem catcher at the MLB level. Huff's elite raw power, quality physical hit tool markers, and "good enough" defense behind the plate should create value as a part-time player. The boom or bust here is significant, as Huff's pitch recognition, approach, and position equate to significant burnout risk. If Huff doesn't progress as a catcher, and I think it is unlikely, he will need to drastically improve the approach to create an offensive profile for first base. If it all comes together, Huff represents one of the loudest profiles in the game with elite raw power, good barrel-to-ball abilities, and a premium defensive position.

The plus-plus raw power is no joking matter. Although the bat speed is electric, it does come from a sell-out, uphill swing. Players with this type of power usually come with a super-aggressive approach and severe swing and miss tendencies, resulting in lots of strikeouts. While Hulsizer does strike out often, it's more of a product of poor pitch selection than pure swing-and-miss. The fact that there is some approach at all is encouraging. Although his defensive ability itself is average, the value probably comes out to below-average because of limited range and passive play. With some small changes, Hulsizer is a rising candidate for the backend of the Dodgers organizational rankings. 

Very large human with top-of-the-scale raw power but a very limited profile even if a good bit of it plays. Throwback player, unhinged violence in swing and moon-shot launch angles make for fun BP sessions, but probable org depth. 

A former sixth-overall pick, Jackson's value is tied almost entirely to his bat. While he shows above-average bat speed and plus raw power, there are coverage and approach issues that lead to plenty of swing-and-miss. His uppercut swing plane allows him to crush grooved fastballs, but his inability to recognize breaking balls and cover the outer half will limit his hit tool and diminish his ability to reach the raw power consistently in games. The arm is plus, and he likes to throw behind runners taking a long turn at first. But he is not a natural defender; he struggles with a slow first step, takes rough routes, and lacks closing speed. Jackson projects best as a power bat off the bench.

Alex Jackson is struggling with an aggressive assignment to the Midwest league. In my viewing Jackson was cheating to get to the fastball in which left him vulnerable to soft stuff away. While that was concerning I also saw Jackson sting some balls down and in and put good backspin on the ball on a few flyouts. Jackson is a very raw product at present and his skillset is more promise than material but I think the promise is there. Jackson has the batspeed to figure out how to cover the inner half and he has a dream power-hitterâ\x80\x99s frame. The work in the field isnâ\x80\x99t anything to write home about but he can get to acceptable defense for a right fielder if the arm accuracy improves and he starts reading the ball better off the bat.  OFP â\x80\x93 55 Solid Average Regular

A former sixth-rounder, James is fairly raw defensively and ultimately work best splitting his time between catcher and first base. There's something to that bat, but he'll need to max it out and likely add that kind of defensive versatility if he is to ever crack a major-league roster.

Still just 19, Jimenez has the tools to become a future All-Star player. Already tall and athletic, there is room for even more upper-body muscle growth as he develops. He projects three above-average or better game tools, with a swing and approach to hit 30-plus home runs at his peak. He hits with confidence and authority. The speed is currently above-average but will settle in at average as he fills out. The defense is raw, but there is enough athleticism to become league-average. This is an elite prospect with a high ceiling and a realistic path to a first-division career as a corner outfielder. 

Surprising athlete for his position; converted outfielder; moves well on the diamond; appears to enjoy every minute on the field; strong competitor with some outward emotion; high aptitude for the game; rates highly on the softer points of the game. Very impressed with defensive profile; has all the tools to be a top-flight defender that is considered one of the best in the game; receiving is first rate; very good blocker; has arm strength and projects to see more added as he gets further away from surgery; strong plus defensive profile that will push him to MLB; can make contact; has offensive weaknesses including big velo; still potential to hit .260-.265 at peak; wonâ\x80\x99t pad OBP outside of batting average; power and speed are below average and not significant elements of his game; could show some doubles power at peak; still a little raw all-around because of time missed; defense-first overall profile; will be an MLB player but likely stretched as a regular.

Jimenez is truly an elite power prospect who flashes the ability to hit for a great average as well. At just 20 years old in the Carolina League, Jimenez controls the bat head very well for a hitter who produces the kind of game power that he does. He shows a willingness/ability to work the entire field, with the ball jumping off the bat in a way that makes your head turn. His batting practice is something to behold, as you can fully see just how well he gets inside of pitches on the inner half. Pitchers will have to fool him to be successful because his bat speed wonâ\x80\x99t cause him to miss a pitch in his hittable zone all too often. He profiles well in right with a plus arm, too. Jimenezâ\x80\x99s contact/power potential is something you donâ\x80\x99t see everyday, and it could lead him to becoming the top prospect in the game at some point before he gets the call.

Jimenez was the best prospect in the Midwest League this year. He has transitioned from a raw, physical player with some questions on his approach, to a potential monster who has made adjustments to become more selective and reduce his swing-and-miss profile significantly. That he has made these improvements without trading off any of his power utility speaks to the offensive ceiling. His bat will carry him, but he he is by no means a bad fielder, with average potential in a corner outfield spot and enough arm strength for right. This is a potential All-Star player at the big-league level, with an impact, middle-of-the-order bat.

Looks to be a long term project.  Lacks a true position, but seems destined for first base. 

While his plus tools shine when a bat isn't in his hands, Johnson flashes plus raw power and should continue to be able to barrel up balls as he moves up. His ability to wait for his pitch and improve his bat control on outside offerings is what will determine if he can be a regular at the major league level. Iâ\x80\x99m not so confident that he will make enough adjustments in order to reach this point, but heâ\x80\x99ll find a place on a big league roster given his power, speed and fielding ability.

See as an everyday regular, 21 y/o L/R 3B, might be a better fit in the outfield given below-average range and fringe hands, plus-plusraw with plus arm/game power, high risk given swing-and-miss and pitch recognition issues. Still young with potential, moderate interest, would acquire.

There is more corner outfield risk here than I previously thought. Being a below-average runner is fine for third, but the hands really need to improve. 

Jones is currently a shortstop who will likely be bumped into a utility role long-term with plus speed, athleticism, and raw power but an underwhelming feel for hitting. An athletic specimen, Jones boasts highly impressive physical tools but doesn't project to play shortstop on a regular basis due to a weak arm, stiff hands, and questionable footwork at the position. While he possesses plus raw power at the plate, Jones has discernible holes in his swing and a power-hungry approach that will be exploited as he reaches the upper levels of the minors, limiting his in-game power to around average. Due to the concerns that he can't stick at shortstop and the projected limited utility of the hit tool at the highest level, Jones fits a utility profile, one that can play up the middle and not be an absolute liability at shortstop or second base on a short-term basis. In addition, Jones possesses the physical profile to be at least average in center field, a position he has played in the past and will likely get another shot at in the near future.  The raw OFP averages to 45, which is a below-average regular. The projected role is a role-4 utility type who can play up the middle with plus speed and hit for some pop off the bench. The risk is high due to the swing-and-miss issues exhibited as a 22-year-old in Low-A. Though the hit tool has issues, he should be able to hit in the .220-.240 range. If the bat falls much lower than that, he becomes more of a AAAA player.

Judge projects as an above average big league right fielder. Plus power and a high OBP will make him an effective hitter despite a high amount of strikeouts. Prototypical right fielder with above average glove and plus arm.

Judge features a strong all-around package that you wouldn't necessarily expect from a player with his size and strength. He has tremendous raw power, but he doesn't approach his at-bats that way. Instead, he features an up-the-middle approach and a patient eye at the plate. Because of this, he doesn't have the typical issues that tend to plague bigger hitters - holes in the swing, trouble with premium velocity, etc. This should benefit him in the long run, as he doesn't need to sell out and should still hit for plus power, but will do so without the extreme swing-and-miss. For now, Judge is an above-average fielder in right field, though that should diminish as he ages. He runs well for his size, but will never be an asset on the bases. Will eventually be a well below-average runner. The overall package is interesting. Judge doesn't profile as an impact, middle-of-the-order hitter, but he does enough things well that should be an everyday player. If he learns to use his size better and drive the ball with more consistency, however, he could hit for enough power to carry a lineup. More likely, however, is that he settles in as a solid regular who can do a lot of things well but does none of them spectacularly. 

Josh Jung has the build and physical tools to create the vision of a OBP-heavy 3B with the occasional home run sprinkled in. His quality physical hit tool and significant raw power are currently limited by pitch recognition and his current problems getting on plane to get that raw power into games. His fielding tools at 3B are also solid with soft hands and quick reactions, but he needs to polish the defensive instincts before those tools will allow him to provide value defensively. Jung likely ends up as a solid every day 3B who could potentially see himself fulfilling that vision of an OBP/power 3B if he is able to significantly improve his pitch recognition and adjust his swing for more loft.

Kelenic has rare 6 hit/6 power future potential, along with athletic secondary skills and a shot to remain in CF. Likely first-division regular outfielder with a chance to be a perennial All-Star.

Broad base of skills, five-tool center field projection, may lack a carrying tool for stardom, but the makings of an above-average regular here. Would like to see how he adjusts to full-season ball, might answer some lingering questions about the ultimate hit tool. Going to get Brandon Nimmo comps because of the background, organization, and draft position, but better center field tools than Nimmo at the same age. Less raw than you'd think given the background, .260, 20 home run type that can play CF everyday. 

The Cardinals converted Kelly to a catcher a year ago and he's taking nicely to the position. He's a natural receiver, looks comfortable behind the plate and throws well. He won't require more time than usual to develop at the position and should be able to handle it at the major league level. He won't be an elite defender, but he'll be good enough defensively to handle a pitching staff on a daily basis. At the plate, his bat lags behind his glove, and behind fastballs with any velocity. Below average bat speed really hinders Kelly as a hitter and leads to a lot of bad contact. His natural size and strength will lead to a little bit of power, but he'll be a mistake hitter at the higher levels. The offensive bar is low for catchers, but Kelly projects to end up in more of a back-up role. His background playing the infield could lead to a utility/bench role with the versatility to play a few different positions, including catcher, making him a potentially valuable bench piece.

Kemp is a player I want to like more, because he's a treat to watch with his high energy play style and pure love for the game. But, the tools are underwhelming when extrapolated to a major league setting. The ceiling is as a fringe major league second baseman, who gets to the big leagues and stays there in short stints as a replacement level player. Ultimately, I see an organizational player.  There is no standout tool, and the positional value is limited. The below-average arm combined with minimal power output doesn't allow for a profile elsewhere on the diamond. His ability to control the strike-zone is impressive at High-A, but because he is non-threat for power, major league quality pitchers will be able to throw more strikes and challenge him on both sides of the plate. The speed isn't game-changing, let alone at an impact level, for him to get the most out of his bat-to-ball skills or provide extra value on the bases through swiping bags or taking an extra base.

Kemp has been the most consistent hitter on the loaded Lancaster roster, spraying line drives all around the diamond. The approach is the best part of his game for me, as he consistently gets himself into hitters counts and doesn't mind a walk. Pair this with a good defensive profile at 2nd base and the ability to play other positions (left and center), a utility profile is the most realistic role for me.  Player comparison: Skip Schumaker. 

Spencer Kieboom is a tad older for the league but showed ability in all facts of the game. I really liked him behind the plate and he showed some ability at the plate. Due to his defensive ability, he shows the traits of a backup catcher with great makeup. A Caleb Joseph type player. Drafted: 2012 5th round, 174th overallWhy: Defensive minded C; college bat; potential to be mid-round win by reaching MLB Ceiling: Role 40; Backup Catcher.

Intriguing athlete, brought over in a trade from Arizona, shows some feel for the barrel, 70 speed, and athleticism, but am worried that the bat will play to below-average at peak, see as an upper level MIF depth, could also get looks in OF given premium speed, emergency opportunity as a pinch-runner, would acquire.\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t

Kingery flashes fundamentals at the plate and in the field. Heâ\x80\x99s an easy player to root for because of his passion and energy for the game. He has the bat speed, barrel control and advanced approach at the plate to become a plus major league hitter. Heâ\x80\x99ll affect the game positively on the basepaths as well with really the only drawbacks being that he has a second base only profile and wonâ\x80\x99t bring 20 home run power to the table. Overall, heâ\x80\x99s a safe prospect that knows who he is and excels in those areas. 

Philadelphia's second-round pick in 2015, Kingery is a small second baseman with a plus glove, plus-plus speed, and a feel to hit. He shows the ability to adjust and make contact with an all-fields approach, though the tool grades out a tick below average on account of his high-contact approach limiting his ability to find quality pitches an create consistent hard contact. He'll flash some down-the-line raw power in BP, but power production will be virtually non-existent in games. The speed can impact games and put pressure on defenses while also driving plus range in the field. Combined with athleticism and a steady glove, he has the tools to develop into a very good defender. Arm strength has some limitations, but accurate and capable for 2B. Kingery profiles as a starting second-baseman with average-regular potential. 

With above-average grades on his speed and hitting, Kingery should find a spot in the major leagues at the very least as a utility man. I would like to see some more versatility before then; his defense needs to improve to become an everyday guy; otherwise he becomes more of a square peg in a round hole.

Playing in the Miami organization after being released by the Royals this past off-season, Kjerstad shows an interesting power-and-speed combination. He shows some viable tools, but they lack projection for utility at the big league level. Upper-level depth player.

Offense-first catcher with chance at future average hit tool. Switch-hitter, though more capable from the left side. Knapp shows above-average bat speed and an ability to barrel balls, though h expands the zone and is highly vulnerable to swinging and missing, limiting the impact of his hit tool and capping the utility of his above-average raw power. He uses all fields from the left side, with fringe-average power potential. Below-average glove behind the plate will limit his playing time and role. He possesses plus arm strength, though accuracy and consistency are lacking. Speed is a non-factor, though there is effort made on the base paths. Profiles as a bat-first backup catcher, assuming he is not moved full-time to first base. 

Kramer is a solid, but unspectacular prospect that is overshadowed by his fellow middle infielder, Kevin Newman. Nevertheless, his hit tool should still play as average because of his ability to spray the ball all over the field. He doesnâ\x80\x99t have a power approach, so he wonâ\x80\x99t make much of an impact there, but he does have the fielding chops and a reasonable enough arm to play second base effectively. Kramer could start as a second division regular if he begins to handle inside pitches better, but his upside is not so high.

Langeliers is a definite defense-first catcher with at least above-average defense and a plus arm, flashing higher for both. There's a reason he was considered the top defensive catcher in his draft class. That part of his game is basically ready now. His hit tool remains the question. He has the swing mechanics to produce consistent contact and the strength and quick stroke to tap into above-average raw power. The question is how high the hit tool will go based on his eye. An average hit is a real possibility because of his feel and swing. The tools are there to be a major-league starter behind the plate with impact defense and enough hit.

See as an average major league starter. 22 y/o L/R corner outfielder, profiles best in right field with plus game power and above-average throwing arm, future average hitter but one that could make adjustments to hit the ball more in the air, strong interest.

Leblanc is an above average athlete with advanced body control and quick twitch which allows him to generate plus bat speed with quality feel for barrel. Leblanc has average raw power, but doesn't tap into it due to a flat swing. He plays 3B/1B well with quality hands, a quick first step, and a strong quick release and can fill in at 2B in a pinch, which gives him a versatile enough skillset to play well on an MLB bench. Leblanc's plus hit tool, quality vision, approach, and defensive versatility gives him a likely outcome of a RH bench player able to play three infield positions, with a realistic upside as MLB regular at 3B if he's able to add more of his raw power into his swing. If you're going to bet on guys to do that, it's the quality athletes with good hit tools, and Leblanc fits that bill.

An undercard IFA signee from Mexican trip that netted Julio Urias (and Yasiel Puig) in 2012, Leon is a solid receiver and field general behind the plate. His frame is physically maxed and borders on stocky, and the present mobility is only an average asset. An aggressive hitter, Leon can drive the ball with authority to all fields but his long, looping swing and impatient approach leave him with exploitable holes and portend well above-average swing-and-miss. He's quite young for the level after an aggressive promotion, and the foundational skill set is broad enough to suggest second-division big-league potential if he develops an approach at the plate and maintains his present physicality. 

Royce Lewis is so close, yet so far.  He made an insane catch in centerfield, one that players at this stage of development simply don't make unless they're special. It came with little experience out there. Nonetheless, the defensive home is still a question, as it's not quite clear which position his tools play best at. The bat shows signs of being plus, but the swing is unorthodox with an abundance of moving parts. He hasn't posted the numbers that typically come with a prospect of this caliber, but nobody will be surprised once the numbers start to come.  What really makes Lewis interesting is that there is an outside chance at 60 grade for all five tools. The question that remains is, with the exception of speed, which are going to develop to their peak. 

Francisco Lindor can do it all. Not only is he an elite defender at shortstop but the bat will have impact too. Noticeable added weight and strength along with his natural ability will allow his power to play a little higher than most expect. I was mostly impressed with Lindorâ\x80\x99s advanced approach and ability to adjust to the situation. He is so advanced for his age and it shows. Heâ\x80\x99s a special player.

13th rounder by the Blue Jays in 2013, traded to Dodgers for international bonus slots in July of 2015. Locastro struggled to adapt to the Cal League after his arrival last summer, but came out of the gate well this spring. His approach has become notably more aggressive this season and the league appears to have adjusted to him in recent viewings. He's a lo-fi player who shows a decently broad set of skills, and the sum of the parts can grow into a low-end utility player who handles second base, fakes it at short, and brings a decent contact and speed profile to the batter's box.  

Long's game is raw across-the-board, but there is evident potential for development. Drafted as a catcher out of Jacksonville, Alabama, he is still learning how to play the infield. He projects as a fringe big-league infielder with valuable utility potential on account of his speed and some pop from the left side.

Lopez is an intriguing prospect that I have now seen in consecutive years. I also saw him earlier this season with Greensboro. Last season, I largely viewed Lopez as a potential breakout player who needed more repetitions. After sitting on a series this season, I see the same player except for slight mechanical changes in the swing. He does not have nearly the amount of noise as last season, although it is still a noisy swing in general.  Overall, I do like the raw tools that Lopez displays. He can stick at SS, which will slightly boost his value in the long-run. The bat has too much noise, and it's hard for him to consistently piece together good AB because there are so many moving parts. He swings the bat well in BP, but loses a lot of this in-game. I doubt Lopez will ever be able to piece it all together, but there is a small chance he can be enough for a solid utility option down the road.

Lowe's value is clearly in his defensive ability and speed. In order to maximize his potential he will need to reach the aggressive 55 hit grade I placed on him. His athleticism and short swing makes me optimistic he can cut down the strikeouts and be as consistent at the plate as he was in the AFL. 

Gavin Lux profiles as a plus shortstop at the MLB level. Lux possesses a plus offensive skillset including impressive physical hit tool markers, a quality approach with spin recognition, and above average game power. He should be a slight positive both on the basepaths and defensively compared to the average MLB shortstop. Even if he doesn't reach his potential as an above average defensive shortstop, being able to field the position competently with his offense is more than enough to provide significant value. Lux has all-star shortstop upside if he continues to refine his approach to include more patience and taps into more of his plus raw power.

Excellent left side glove that can carry him to MLB; arm is near elite at times and plus-plus at all times; defensive profile is beyond impressive; speed plays above-average consistently; well below-average hitter; approach is good; bottom of the scale power; minimal offensive profile; quality makeup; highly instinctual player.

Profiles as at least an everyday second baseman, and possibly an all-star if things break right. Will provide good to great defense, great speed, and quality base-running. Is a natural hitter with incredible contact ability, the most important tool in an era when batters typically increase power production upon hitting Triple-A and the big leagues. Have him as 60 OFP, but 70 is not out of the question.

Power-hitting infielder in the mold of Max Muncy. Limited athleticism and versatility may limit Mann's opportunities, but he's capable of providing power to any lineup.

Raw tools are impressive; potential to contribute with all five tools at average or better level; hit and power will require multiple grade jumps to reach peak; multiple grade jumps elevate risk profile; impressive offensive ceiling in the .275, 15 home run, 25 double, 15 steal range; up-the-middle defensive profile gives some buffer if he doesnâ\x80\x99t reach his offensive potential; will stick in CF and be an asset there; strong overall profile; potential everyday center fielder that contributes across the board, but profile comes with extreme risk.

ORG ceiling; capable of moving around the middle-infield at numerous low-mid minors affiliates; lacks bat or true plus glove/arm for ML role; not enough arm for true ML shortstop but can handle it at Double-A level as ORG filler. 

Second division starter with a glove first profile. Plus plus defensive shortstop.

See as an above-average regular in a corner outfield spot, 21 y/o L/R outfield, potential five-tool contributor with above-average hit/defense/power and a plus arm, strong interest, would acquire.

Marte's speed, line drive stroke, and ability to hit quality pitching from both sides of the plate gives him the chance to exceed hit tool expectations and carve out a career as an above average infielder. His lack of power, tendency to swing at the first strike he sees, and weak throwing arm lead me to believe that he'll fall short of that projection, however. He's just about ready for the major leagues -- had he not broken his thumb at the end of May, he could have conceivably been called up as early as June -- and he has the right skills to transition smoothly to the highest level. Ultimately though, he's a tweener in the middle infield and will likely be most useful as a utility player who can cover multiple positions for extended periods of time if the need arises. 

A former eight-round prep bat, Martin is one of the younger regulars in the Cal League, and it took him a few weeks to find his footing in the box. He shows solid skills across the board, and has made notable gains in swing efficiency to unlock some nascent pop over the past couple months. He lacks a standout tool, though he also lacks a notable deficiency in his game. A sum-of-his-parts player, he offers enough versatility on the grass, on-base ability, and pop to profile as a quality fourth outfielder down the line. 

Early in the season, Martinez was stroking the ball hard and racking up the hits. The league quickly figured out he was a fastball only hitter and changed their approach. Unfortunately, Martinez didn't adjust and continued to search for a meaty middle of the plate fastball. His body and athleticism look like they should produce more tangible tool grades, but it never showed up. I have a hard time believing he'll make a big-league contribution at this stage in his development. 5th outfielder ceiling.  

Martinez is an all-around ballplayer who can help his team win in a multitude of ways. He's able to provide plus-contact and on-base abilities at the top of a lineup, and be a plus-defender at any outfield position. He'd be a great "glue-guy" on a talented roster.

Mateo is a plus hitter, which paired with his 80 speed will make Mateo an absolute nightmare for opposing pitchers and defenders. What makes Mateo special is the potential to be an everyday player at SS because of his plus arm and outstanding range, which helps makes up for some negatives. All of this heightens his value and makes Mateo a truly special player. 

Mauricioâ\x80\x99s overall grade reaches 60 because of the likelihood he makes an impact in the major leagues, no matter the position. Thereâ\x80\x99s real-deal, first-division-regular ability here. He shows an advanced feel for the bat beyond his years and has the athleticism and aptitude to adjust for increased power. The bat profiles as a masher that will play at any position, with an aggressive eye being the one knock. He shows the feel and actions to stick at shortstop, but his filled-out frame will ultimately make that decision. The ability to stay at short would be an orgâ\x80\x99s dream considering the batâ\x80\x99s potential, but a move to third would give an org a corner masher with at least an above-average glove and plus arm.

McBroom is limited to first base, which limits his overall value given. His plus raw power plays at average in game, and he has some value as a weak-side platoon player. Mild interest.

McDonald is an all-bat prospect with very little margin for error; he demonstrates a solid approach at the plate, commanding the zone well and attacking decisively when he commits. He has shown commendable growth in toning down some of the early season noise in his swing, better engaging his lower half as the year has progressed and making the swing less dependent on raw strength. The power he has should play, but I worry about his ability to consistently handle high-octane velocity on the inner half.  Very limited defensive profile leaves him best-suited as a DH prospect, putting enormous pressure on the hit/power combination to max out. Low-impact player may provide some value as a power bat on the bench or a second-division DH if he hits his ceiling in the batter's box. 

Very impressive all-around talent; His defense will always be his calling card; his bat should become a real weapon from the left side; will never be an easy out; embraces being a leader and players respond; has a real chance to be an elite catcher with an above-average bat; definite future all-star ability.

McGuire will be a big leaguer at the behest of his defensive chops behind the plate, making his overall profile attractive. He has the skills to be a legitimate plus defender behind the plate who can handle a staff and limit the run game with a plus arm. The offensive profile vaults his overall potential into the above-average range. He possesses solid bat-to-ball ability and can barrel balls up to all fields, projecting to have an average hit tool. A contact-heavy approach and a line-drive swing plane limit the future over-the-fence power, though he should still be able to accumulate low double-digit home run totals at his peak.  McGuire presents with a smaller amount of risk than most players in Low-A due to his advanced defensive profile behind the plate. His raw OFP averages to 50, but a half-grade bump is given due to plus makeup and the aforementioned skills at a premium position. This is a player that any organization would love to acquire. 

McKay showcases elite bat-to-ball skills, with an unexpected increase in in-game power this season. McKayâ\x80\x99s hit tool can carry him through the minors; the only concern is whether itâ\x80\x99ll play at first base where the demands on the bat are higher. Thereâ\x80\x99s the potential for a real impact position player here, the type of player whoâ\x80\x99s an All-Star multiple times over the course of his career. If you believe thereâ\x80\x99s potential for McKay to play the outfield long term, as I do, it makes his potential profile as a position player even more attractive.

McKinney is going to hit no matter how the rest of his profile ends up, and his on-base skills are strong enough to make him a plus offensive player. Just how much better than league average will depend on his power. He continually puts himself in good hitting situations, which should allow his power to play up. He doesn't have huge raw power, but the ball carries off of his bat and he should be a 20-homer hitter. It's a tougher profile if he ends up in left field, but even there, hitting close to .300 with 20 home runs and strong on-base skills will work. If he can remain in center field for a few years, it will play even better and makes him a potential all-star. There is some risk with McKinney because he's not yet 20 years old, but there is no doubting the hit tool, which has held up to an aggressive challenge in his first full professional season. The hit tool will carry him to the majors with the rest of the tools determining his success. 

McMahon is a solid across-the-board prospect without any glaring holes in his projection. He's among the younger regular position players in the California League, and while his swing and approach are both still works in progress he's held his own thanks to impressive athleticism and a broad foundation of skills. It'll require some seasoning, but there's an above-average hit/game power bat here, and with a frame capable of adding additional mass an outside chance for an actualized 55/60 hit/game power hitter at the hot corner. Coupled with above-average defensive projection he has the tools and talent to develop into a first-division Major Leaguer. 

McNeil's profile is extremely limited by his complete lack of power and strength and his average defensive abilities, which make second base his best fit. He could play short stop or third base in short stints, giving him a potential future as a utility player, but he would be exposed at either position if he played their for an extended period of time. Offensively, McNeil does have plus bat-to-ball skills which lead to high contact rates and the ability to spray the ball to all fields when he stays through the hitting zone. His hit tool plays down slightly, however, despite his barrel control because his lack of strength and authority in his swing limits the exit velocity on even those balls that are well-struck. At best, McNeil can hope to carve out a roll as a utility/bench option, which will be possible due to being left-handed and not striking out much. He's not likely, however, to ever be an everyday player, as his flaws would be exposed with regular playing time.

Meadows is a good, natural hitter, and that will ultimately determine his ceiling as a major leaguer. It is not, however, his only tool. The power profile is limited, though it's due primarily to his leadoff/line-drive approach at the plate. He could likely hit for slightly more power if he was willing to swing and miss more and sacrifice a few points on his batting average, but it's not his game. His patient approach at the plate constantly produces long, pitch-eating at-bats and he embraces the role. In the field, Meadows is a good enough outfielder to handle center field. His speed isn't at the elite level you'd like from a center fielder, but he makes up for it with good jumps and strong instincts. He has enough speed to handle center field and should be able to stay there until he ages out of the position, unless he puts on a significant amount of weight and loses a step.  The overall profile is similar to that of Christian Yelich, with a contact-oriented approach that leads to high batting averages, strong on-base skills and just enough power (mostly in the form of doubles) to keep pitchers honest. It's a definite big league profile and one that should make for an every day outfielder.

Special talent with plus-plus bat and average-or-better tool package. Former first-round pick. Hits with confidence and authority. Outside of slight hitch, swing is simple and direct. Power has potential to be plus raw, but likely above-average in-game; level swing generates more line drives than loft. Hits with enough impact that 20-homer seasons are reasonable, though not imminent. Speed is plus and utilized well; hustles out of the box, steals bases. Defense and arm are low tools, likely average and a tick below. Athletic enough to handle CF in the short-term, but a more comfortable fit in a corner. Arm strength is a bit light; passable in RF, but LF profiles better. Promoted to Triple-A shortly after look. Unique combination of tools that will be fun to watch going forward. An elite prospect.

Meadows is a certainly player that every team would like to have in their organization. He has prototypical size with developing strength, displays some feel for the game at a young age, and will flash some tools at you. With that said, the overall profile is more role 5 than first division due to a lack of impact tools. He's a no-doubt plus runner, but everything else lingers around average with the exception of the arm, which is below average. The swing is balanced, under control, and checks plenty of good boxes, but his feel for the barrel is underwhelming at present. He has missed a majority of the season with a hamstring injury, so some rust is expected in his first pass through the Sally League.  The major concern is his projected inability to stick in center field, an issue that will be detrimental to his overall value. He should possess the athleticism to be able to handle the position on a part-time basis, but left field should be the full-time destination at the highest level. Despite the concerns, I don't see the 19-year-old's overall profile being of the extreme boom-or-bust bust variety. As previously stated, he has some feel for the game and should be able to climb the ranks without any serious roadblocks, barring future injuries. I question the overall upside, however, and see more of an average regular if everything comes together.  

Signed as an IFA by Seattle at the end of the 2011-12 signing period, traded to LA for Joe Weiland, January 2016. Mejia is a small, fast middle infielder who shows some bat-to-ball ability, but whose bottom-of-the-scale power and some issues with spin recognition will allow advanced pitchers to attack him aggressively. His physicality suggests he should be able to grow into a passable defender at short, though his range is borderline and raw reads have the defensive utility playing down at present. The arm strength is there for the left side, but the mechanics and release are not.  I'm not convinced he gets on base enough to make it work, and the defensive value still requires significant projection, but there's squint-and-see it potential for a versatile utility player on the end of a big league bench. 

Displays a level of naturalness and looseness that I love; packs a punch at the plate for his size; ball comes off the player's bat with the look of a major-leaguer; development of secondary skills key to reaching hitting potential; hit tool will not play to potential without buy-in to more selective mentality; believe all of the ingredients are here for an All-Star caliber player; overall development is going to take time, with some growing pains both offensively and defensively; high flameout potential, but my gut feel says this is an impact big-leaguer with both bat and glove. 

While my looks were shortstop-only, Mercado played outfield as well this year and has the physical tools to profile in center. He needs to add strength to frame, though, as his contact right now is consistently weak and he struggles with a poor approach at the plate. The light bat leaves him profiling as a pinch-runner and defensive replacement off the bench.

Mieses is a high-volatility prospect with an above-average regular ceiling if everything comes together. His all-out style of play, straight-line speed, and canon of an arm give him projection for utility in all three outfield spots, with a present trajectory towards a lefty-mashing fourth-outfielder profile.

Miller was impressive in ACC Tournament play, collecting a number of hits and a home run while displaying excellent pitch recognition and plate discipline. This season Miller led the Tar Heels in batting average while walking more than he struck out. Miller makes center field look easy, taking good routes to the ball and controlling his body through difficult catches look easy. He has plenty of speed, and it plays on the base paths and in the field. The biggest red flag on Miller's profile is his lack of raw power. Heâ\x80\x99ll likely hit for below-average power at the next level, with more doubles and triples driving his slugging percentage than homers. The hit tool and defense will have to carry him through the minor leagues.

During the current fly-ball revolution, Misner is perfectly suited as a left-handed slugger for teams preaching launch angle and exit velocity. His future position is of secondary concern because the bat is what will get him to the big leagues, but he should be capable wherever he is slotted on the diamond. 

Shows glimpses of five tools and physicality/athleticism beyond his years. Thereâ\x80\x99s a natural feel for the game and looseness in certain aspects. The issue is in-game translation and whether all five tools will manifest in the majors. Itâ\x80\x99s in there, but he has to implement it a much higher rate to reach his projected role. He seems to be going through the motions during his initial pro struggles. The ceiling is a first-division player, but there are quite a few boxes to check off to get there.

I have watched Mondesi throughout the season and he has shown flashes of all different types of a player. There were spells where he looked lost and could end up being a below average regular but there was also times when he showed he could be a perrenial all-star. I'm not worried about Mondesi's stat line for this season; he played most of the year as the youngest player in the Carolina League and all of High-A. I was concerned early in season when Mondesi was struggling and his complete game was being effected by it. A strikeout would lead to an error which would lead to something else. Over my 20 game sample from Mid-July til now, Mondesi has shown great improvement. His swing has taken strides forward along with his approach, which was already advanced for his age. Offspeed down in the strikezone gave Mondesi headaches early in the season and he would take ugly, off balance cuts and look foolish at times. Over the past month, it is obvious he has been working with hitting coach Milt Thompson and the adjustments have shown. While there still is a bit of swing and miss still in Mondesi's game, he has shown consistent feel for the barrel and the balance in his swing lets the ball travel deep into the hitting zone. As of late, Mondesi has been letting the ball get deep knowing he has the bat speed and hand-eye coordination to crush mistakes along with hitting good pitchers' pitches. These adjustments are something I look forward to seeing in Mondesi's game for the foreseeable future and is what will make him a special player.

There's big risk here because Mondesi is still a very young player with a long way to go with the bat. He shows great promise at the plate with how dynamic he can be and could develop into a star. His defensive profile is much more advanced than his offensive profile but what he can do at the plate will be more than enough for a premium defensive position. There is a present gap between the top-flight SS prospects and Mondesi but don't be surprised if he enters that conversation.

Monge is an athletic player that will ride his glove to the higher levels. The hit tool is a large concern, as he does not replicate his swing or approach often at the plate. There are underlying tools here that could eventually turn Monge into a fourth OF mold, but he will need to find more consistency in all aspects of his game outside of the defense. The risk is high due to him being in short season for his age 19 season.

The one tool that is supposed to carry Moran - the hit tool - did not impress me over a three game stretch. He failed to put together quality at-bats, often making weak contact and swinging at pitcher's pitches. His approach does not lend itself to much power, so unless he adds significant strength, I don't see him becoming a home run threat. While he has no glaring weaknesses, none of his tools stand out. Couple that with what appeared to be a general disinterest in the game taking place around him and I came away feeling very underwhelmed with the player.

Signed as an international free agent out of the Dominican Republic in 2012 for $188,000. Moreno's value will primarily be dictated on the progression of his hit tool, but he displays a solid approach along with moderate barrel control. The defense is merely solid, but he will be able to stick in CF. The risk is high due to his age and lack of experience against stronger competition.

Drafted and signed as an over-slot third-rounder in 2014, Morgan offers the potential to fill a valuable bench role with infield versatility and solid on-base skills. He's a natural hitter with simple swing mechanics and quality bat-to-ball. While his patient approach can border on passivity, he's a selective hitter who will take what he's given, and the swing plane produces frequent line-drive and hard ground-ball contact to all fields. On defense his is a steady if unspectacular glove, with quick feet and transfers that help him convert outs efficiently from all over the diamond. I liked him best at third, though he showed as capable both at second and, to a lesser extent, short.  There is second-division starting potential here at his peak, with a realistic path to a long career as a quality utility asset off the bench. 

Mountcastle is an above-average hitter who brings both power potential and an above-average all-around hit tool to the table. He produces power without selling out, making hard contact to all fields. Heâ\x80\x99ll have to move off of shortstop because of obvious deficiencies with his arm and glove. While his defensive questions make him a risk to reach his overall potential, it's a bat to believe in, and he projects as a bat-first regular with above-average potential at his peak. 

Moya is a physical specimen, but you have to be concerned about the complete lack of a hit tool. The plate discipline is poor and he shows no ability to learn in-game. The swing is generally inconsistent and makes you forget the terrific power he displays in batting practice. Moya is a batting practice champion and an organizational player in games at this point.

Difficult to believe progress since prior viewing last year; every part of offensive game has taken a step forward; incredibly hard worker; projects to make additional strides; applies instruction well and learns from mistakes; will be low average, low OBP player; power will play and will make up for some other offensive misgivings; surprising speed; solid enough defender to play either OF corner; arm will play better than presently shows; unusual abstract player at Double-A; still putting things together and has room to grow.

Mullins is a lighting-fast center fielder who brings more to the table offensively than his sheer size suggests. He creates hard contact and produce power thanks to a swing that is mechanically sound on both sides. He makes the most of his pure raw strength by shifting his weight efficiently and producing above-average bat speed from the left side. Iâ\x80\x99m not convinced that being a switch-hitter brings enough value to the table to justify Mullins continuing to do it, but his left-handed swing should be enough to allow his speed and fielding chops to carry him to a potential starting role.

Mullins is a plus CF with moderate barrel control, profiling as a potential regular up the middle. His instincts and athleticism help to play up his game. There is high risk due to his limited experience against advanced competition and reliance on the hit tool actualizing. At the worst, Mullins provides value as a depth option or 4th OF. Round Drafted: 13th round, 2015Why: Athletic CF with plus speed and barrel control.

Mundell isn't a typical masher first-base prospect, but he is an all-bat one. He possesses better-than-average contact skills, especially impressive for a man of his size and profile, and advanced pitch recognition and zone command skills help the barrel skills play up all the more. His power is generated almost entirely by his strong upper-half, and he's able to hit up through balls with occasional loft despite not getting very deep at all into his back leg. He's slow and totes a fringy glove, and the road of a bat-first right-handed first baseman with average game power is about as narrow as they come. The hit tool and just passable-enough pop offers potential for a run in the big leagues down the line, however, and there's room for development of his power utility. 

Munoz has plus raw power potential to go along with above average barrel control and bat speed. However, the approach will limit his hit tool and power. Consistently made weak contact, and was chasing pitches in hitter's counts. Plus arm strength. Suited for the left side of the infield. Above average runner who will likely lose a step once he adds weight with maturity, and play down to average. Poor footwork defensively, much better suited for 3B. Interesting tools, but not sold on the SS profile in the future. 

Signed for $280,000 as an International Free Agent in 2011. Munoz has an intriguing collection of physical tools. He has the barrel control and bat speed to be a solid average hitter but his approach and leveraged swing will prevent him from actualizing the hit tool to itâ\x80\x99s full potential. Itâ\x80\x99ll be a drag on the power tool as well. The body looks like it will get thicker at maturity so he wonâ\x80\x99t be long for short. He has the arm for third base.

Murphy is a High School prospect which looks to be fully maxed in terms of his body frame and general skill set. I do not envision much growth in terms of potential for Murphy, as he really seems to have hit his peak in most areas of his game. More repetitions might increase his level of play behind the plate, but the bat likely remains what it is currently. Murphy is not similar to most prospects in short-season ball, as he looks more like a college guy that was just drafted this season. Inability to recognize spin and the average bat speed with violent torque might hinder his ability to provide any impact with the bat at higher levels.

After seeing Naquin last year, I wasnâ\x80\x99t a believer at all. His improvements to his swing have impressed though. The hard wrist wiggle is no longer there and he has made noticeable strides in approach and plate discipline. Naquin has improved with the glove and will be able to play CF at the highest level while having his arm as a weapon. Ultimately, I think Naquin could be a guy who will get on base often, steal some bags and play plus defense in CF.

Player will need to maintain weight and continue developing at 1B to have an MLB role. He projects to below-average at the position and will need his bat to play. As a hit-before-power 1B, he is an unlikely candidate for an everyday role, but hit tool has upside and raw power is still in there despite swing path. May fit well as strong-side of platoon, where he should tap into more of his huge raw power.  Player hits too well at his age not to get chances, but body concerns and lack of game power present risks. 

Ceiling: regular first basemanFloor: platoon power off the bench Naylor is a bad-body first baseman with power and hitting tools you can't teach. There's lots of natural loft and strength in his swing, and he consistently shows power to both fields. He has held his own all year in full-season leagues as a young player assigned aggressively. He has demonstrated an ability to make adjustments as the year has progressed, and showed big flashes of power and some hitting ability. All the pressure is on his bat, but the offensive tool set and left-handed power gives him the best-case ceiling of a regular first baseman at the highest level. His aggressive approach and issues with same-side pitching leave the floor as that of a platoon player or a bat that gives a jolt of power off the bench. 

Drafted 12th overall out of high school in Canada by the Marlins in 2015, traded to San Diego in the Andrew Cashner deal this summer. Naylor's body is mature and the frame is pretty well maxed out for a 19-year-old. His physique is one that will carry ample maintenance weight throughout its middle, though he shows impressive present agility and some explosiveness to his actions. He's a hyper-aggressive hitter whose quality barrel control and plus bat speed have hindered him in developing much of an approach to date. A good portion of his plus raw power should play in the form of hard line-drive contact and carry to the pull side, though the approach will limit the game utility enough to where it's like to wind up short of a true impact bat. He's not a base-clogger, but the speed is decidedly below-average and likely to peter out quickly. It's a first base-only profile, and while he is quite raw at present his actions suggest potential to develop into a won't-hurt-you defender there. The tools to become a solid big-league hitter are here, though this is a higher risk prospect due to proximity and a bat-first profile that will require his hit tool max out in spite of the approach. 

Neuse is an advanced hitter for Low A, and he shows power and a feel for hitting that gets you excited about his potential with the bat. He has above-average bat speed and power to all fields that can play at any level. He will swing too hard at times and the approach is still developing, but major-league average hitting skills are apparent. He has the arm to play third base, with sneaky athleticism allowing him to make the plays he needs to. Thereâ\x80\x99s not a ton of relative risk in the profile, nor is there much gap between the ceiling and the likely outcome. He has a fairly straight path to an average regular role down the line.

Ceiling: Solid-regular shortstop; average defender with quality hit tool and on-base ability; table setting #1 or #2 hitter. Realistic: Everyday shortstop, profile would lack tools to impact the game if his hit tool backs up at major-league level.  Newman is an average athlete, average defensive tools that play up with plus instincts. He demonstrates tools to become an above-average hitter with a sound approach, though the lack of power leaves his profile highly average- and BABIP-centric.  This is a low-risk, high-floor player, whose instincts, defensive profile, and contact ability make him a likely big-league contributor. The hitting ability will determine is there's enough in the profile to play up an otherwise-moderate tool set into a truly above-average player. 

One of the best pure hitters I have ever scouted, Newman was recently promoted to Double-A. The biggest concern is if he can play SS on a daily basis. While he won't wow anyone there, he should be able to handle it. 

Newman is a hitterâ\x80\x99s hitter. He looks incredibly comfortable at the plate and will frustrate pitchers because he can barrel up pitches that hit the corners. His athletic swing in combination with his advanced hitting approach makes for a plus hitter that will do most of his damage in the yard. The lack of power limits his potential some, but he can be a competent shortstop, even though his arm plays much better at second base. Heâ\x80\x99s a safe prospect that can be an above-average major league regular, especially if he shifts positions.

Could be a better-than-average player in the Major Leagues if everything breaks right, but that is a tough call to make. He's presently more than solid at short, but could grow out of the position if he fills out as much as he might. Definitely looks the part of a third baseman or even a right-fielder and while he has the power for that profile, this would place considerable pressure on a hit tool that is anything but certain. Between the questions with the hit and the uncertain positional profile, there is a lot of risk here. He's far from a lost cause, though, and the upside is pretty big.

At 23 years old, Nido still has some development to do in terms of his approach at the plate and behind the dish. However, thereâ\x80\x99s enough raw talent here to project him as a potential starter due to his power/field profile. Nido has the bat speed and strength to hit for more power than the typical catcher, and projects as a capable defender. His swing is wild and thereâ\x80\x99s not much feel for hitting, which makes him high-risk; his raw pop might not translate in-game. But the tools are there; Nido just needs to refine his overall game over the next few years.

Drafted in the 8th round of the 2012 MLB June Amateur Draft from Orangewood Christian HS (Maitland, FL). This is Nido's fifth year in pro ball, and the standout raw power he was touted to have out of high school is slowly coming around. He makes hard contact in games, with a fluid swing that produces line drives that have loft to all fields. On the defensive side, Nido is a solid receiver with a plus arm and solid presentation skills. With an ongoing offensive breakout this year, he's now a two-way prospect with the upside of an above-average big-league starting catcher. 

Fringe average/Platoon corner outfielder. No plus/carry tool. Overly passive approach mitigates effectiveness of his tools. Doesn't hit same handed pitching. 

Nimmo is still figuring out what kind of player he is going to be. He's built like a power hitter but approaches his at-bats like a table-setter, and his game fits that mold. While none of his traditional tools stand out, he does have one premium ability - plate discipline. He refuses to expand the strike zone, even when he has an easy run-producing opportunity. He can be an above-average hitter, but the hit tool will play up because of the plate discipline. He could be a plus on-base player. His defensive profile is still a question, but if he gets on base and provides plus defense in an outfield corner, he could start on a first-division team.

Quality athlete with a good reputation coming out of Vanderbilt. He lacks the necessary polish needed for his skills to translate at the the major-league level. Organizational depth.

Nottingham boasts an impressive blend of physicality and acumen, with an athletic, strong frame and realized skills that have taken a significant step forward this year. On offense he features a leveraged swing with strong bat-to-ball skills and the raw strength and approach to take balls out of the yard to the opposite field. While there's some swing-and-miss in his game he shows strong contact skills and the ability to bring a good majority of his power into games. The bat will play, and while it still requires ample projection the raw ingredients of an average-or-better defender behind the plate are present. His athleticism is apparent in his lateral movement, and his receiving has taken a step forward this year. The total package of a bat-first profile with average defensive chops can play to a Role 6 ceiling if it all comes together, and there's plenty here to suggest an above-average backstop when all is said and done. 

Martinez struggled to settle in to his full-season assignment, but after a few rough viewings in April and May it became evident that he was beginning to make needed adjustments. He shows all five tools, with premium bat speed, plus raw power, present speed, and arm strength, and no below-average grades in the books. There's a natural feel for hitting, and he has demonstrated an ability to sit on pitches, though the approach is still exploitable at present. There is above-average regular potential on the strength of the natural talent, but there is a higher risk he doesn't continue to adapt and max out. 

Nunez is a spring riser, but itâ\x80\x99s not a total surprise for those who followed him from his early prep days. Heâ\x80\x99s always had the quick-twitch advantage and explosive actions at the plate with a feel to hit, not to mention the standout run, glove and arm tools. The question has always been the strength. Heâ\x80\x99s strong for his stature but wonâ\x80\x99t reach the middle of the power scale and there have been concerns that the bat will be too light to maximize the hit. Heâ\x80\x99s shown better pop off the barrel lately and has put himself in first-round conversations. The profile looks the part of a solid utility player with strong contributions in batting average, on the basepaths and all over the field.

Ockimey is a pure power hitter whoâ\x80\x99s long, leveraged power stroke can generate plus power when he squares. He only profiles at first base, but he works hard at it and should get to fringe at the position at the very least. His approach is developing, but his swing mechanics will make it tough for him to approach average contact. The power is real enough to give him a starterâ\x80\x99s ceiling, but without much else to rely on thereâ\x80\x99s a lot of risk as well.

Odor features a solid across-the-board package with a carrying hit tool; heâ\x80\x99s a potential .300 hitter with some pop, a good glove, and decent speed. His instincts and mature skill set should enable his raw tools to play at full utility at the highest level. He could reach the majors in mid-to-late 2014. For me, Odor is a no-doubt big leaguer in some form. The moderate risk factor applies to him being a potential first-division regular. Texas is currently stacked at 2B/SS right now, but I think Odor could handle a Martin Prado-type role with a little more speed and athletic ability.

Ohlman has struggled this season, but the swing still provides some hope for value at the highest level. I have a long history with him, and he has stalled at Double-A. The swing has not altered much, but he is being tied up by the higher velocity and more crisp stuff at this level. The defense has never been an asset, but it has not improved at all this season and has been a detriment to his game. Ohlman needs some more time at Double-A, and reminds me of Caleb Joseph behind the plate. Extra rest might be good for Ohlman, as his bat and athleticism look heightened when he has sat the day before. Ohlman may not catch full-time, but he has enough talent to potentially serve as a solid bench option for a major league club.

See as an average regular in a corner outfield spot, 23 y/o R/R outfielder, physical player with average hit/run/arm grades, can play center field at average as well, moderate interest. 

Signed out of Cuba last summer with a reported $7 million dollar bonus, Ona's future value is tied to his bat. Compact and powerful, his swing has the potential to carry him to a ceiling of an everyday major league outfielder. However he needs to continue to improve his approach and command of the strike zone to reach that level. His speed and defense are below average and limit his utility to a corner outfield spot.

Interesting player who has performed precociously as a teenager in full-season ball. Has a lot of tools at the plate he hasn't quite tapped into yet and is versatile in the field. Looks like a middle-infielder to me, but has played a lot of third and has the skillset. Already looks like a reliable jack-of-all trades type who could explode a bit once the bat really starts to show itself. 

The high baseball IQ and athleticism could enable Ornelasâ\x80\x99 middle-of-the-order, run-producing bat to advance quickly through the Padres farm system.

Upper level SS repeating level again. First year of offensive life with the stick; I don't project him to stick at SS given current actions and footwork. Upper level depth.

Pankake is more or less an organizational player at this point as he lacks a carrying tool. Quality competitor at upper levels.

Intriguing hitter - flashed natural hitting ability; bat first player; pressure on offense to produce at high levels year in and year out to maintain status as regular; liked what I saw with the swing and ability to barrel consistently; believe bat translates against good velocity due to hands and efficiency of swing; feel some home run power will show in mid-to-late twenties; can end up as high as 2-hole hitter or hit 6th/7th in a deep lineup; .290s with 15 home run peak season potential.

The Cubs invested heavily in Mexico during the 2015 International Signing period, including Paredes who was signed for $800,000. One of the youngest players in the Midwest League, he has shown advanced bat to ball skills and some pop while playing a quality shortstop. There is a probable move away from short due to lack of lateral quickness but the glove and arm will play wherever he lands in the infield. The speed is below average and there are questions about how the power will play but the hit tool and defense should carry him to a major league lineup. 

Scrappy, grinder, versatile player. Was old for High-A now but is performing well and was sent back to Double-A. Has organizational value but also has emergency value to a club to fill a short-term need.

I have seen this player around a dozen times this season, and am convinced he is a future big league player. The hit tool is certainly lacking, and I don't believe he will be able to tap into his raw power during live action. But, the defensive chops are of major league quality, guaranteeing him a ticket to the major leagues.

See as an everyday glove-first regular at shortstop, 22 y/o R/R, plus defender that can make all the plays and can appear at other positions if needed. Bat won't ever be known for power but project as an average hitter, moderate interest, would acquire. 

Pena, the son of former big leaguer Geronimo Pena, is one of the top defensive infielders in the minor leagues. It's a glove that will play at the six at the highest level and, combined with his speed, give a relatively high floor of at least a major league utility player. At the plate, he's got a feel for contact and some pop that should play fringe average as he matures. Continued offensive development will give a future profile of a solid major league starting shortstop. 

Will have no problem sticking at SS. Defense is extremely good. Not game changing, but very solid, and therefore, the bat will need to play. Should be a .240-.250 hitter without much power. Likely not a second division starter, but an up and down guy, or a good utility player. Has trouble with good pitching, especially spin. Good worker with room to improve. Nice player to have in the system.

Good instinctual defense first shortstop with the skill set to stay at the position. Not a whole lot of projection given the offensive profile which precludes him from a starter profile. Good defensive range and a nose for the baseball, definite shortstop profile as a smooth fielding glove first guy. Bat could get better but even then it's nothing special, could max out as a second division starter even if it does.

Athletic middle infielder with above-average hit tool and plus run. Peraza was acquired from the Dodgers in the Todd Frazier trade. Bat is a tick above average, with a contact-heavy approach and an on-base profile tied tightly to his batting average. He's not a power threat, but he has speed to make an impact as a competent base-stealer. He has the tools to project for an average defensive profile, with both the glove and arm potentially ticking up with a full-time move to second base. Likely future as solid middle-infield contributor.

Perdomo's wizardry at a primary position almost assures him at least a platoon spot in the bigs. But in the day of shortstops hitting for power, he will need to find another another way to make an impact offensively. His ability to draw walks and keep a high OBP will be the key to him earning a starting spot. 

Nothing stands out but he does everything well; defense and arm are best tools; plus ability on right side; has average potential on left side, adding to versatility; offensive approach is aggressive but wonâ\x80\x99t hinder natural hitting ability from coming through; average hitter who can do everything thatâ\x80\x99s asked of him; could fit in two-hole at peak but likely fits better in bottom third of the lineup; power is surprising; pop will manifest in doubles more than home runs, but not without over-the-fence juice; broad skill set that plays up with instincts, intelligence, and effort.

A young, toolsy player who plays the game with ease and looseness, Perez has a lot of upside. Naturally, at 18 years old, he is far from his final product but these are the things he has on his sid: his instincts, the ease, size, glove, arm, age, and potential. There are questions about the ability to reach his full potential, but Perez has shown coachability in his mechanical changes as well as changes in approach at the plate that have occurred over two weeks. Having the instincts and talents to stay at short, Perez projects to be a glove first shortstop on a championship caliber team.

2014 fourth-rounder boasts impressive physicality, with strong command of a large, long frame. There is length in the swing that produces holes likely to pose long-term challenges to the hit tool. His contact is loud, however, and he shows an advanced ability to work himself into favorable hitting counts and offset batting average concerns with on-base skills. He should get to most of his plus or better raw power in games, and the bat accordingly profiles in right field, where arm strength pushing plus will play with an average glove. 

Phillips now shows five average-or-better tools with the kind of make-up to max out his natural talent. He's made substantial strides over the past 10 months tightening his swing mechanics and improving his approach at the plate. He still struggles against southpaw spin and inside velocity, and he'll get caught cheating to the outer-half too often, but there's a playable line drive stroke here with some pull-side pop. The speed is a notable asset, though his stolen base attempts lack a demonstrated feel for timing pitchers and releasing efficiently. He's a centerfielder, though he also demonstrates the athleticism and arm to handle either corner with plus defensive projection as well, giving him a high floor as a fourth outfielder capable of playing all over the grass if the offensive development stalls out. 

This was the first time I'd seen Phillips in person since he was a senior at Seminole High School in Miami, and the improvement was impressive. There's a nonzero chance that he ends up with five average to above-average tools, and he's a lock to stay in centerfield assuming something weird doesn't happen developmentally. The ceiling is leadoff hitter who wins games with his glove, with fourth outfielder/late baserunning threat off the bench as a floor.

Hit utility is very impressive; knack for getting the barrel to the ball; doesnâ\x80\x99t have a ton of power but hits it hard enough to pick up some doubles and avoid the slap hitter tag; offensive profile will be batting-average driven but has natural feel for the craft to make it work; defensive ability is a little surprising with potential to handle center field in a pinch; ability to play center field helps the overall profile; arm and speed are average; speed can play up at times thanks to instincts; heady player; plays the game hard; managerâ\x80\x99s dream in terms of effort; fourth outfield floor and could carve out a career as a solid second-division guy.

Piscotty has a mature approach at the plate, with an advanced feel of the strike zone, and rarely chases. He rarely swings and misses with plus plate coverage. Has the size to hit for average power, but the swing lacks consistent loft and plays as more of gap power, but he has made great strides with his swing plane and power. He showed the ability to impressively and consistently barrel the ball in the games. BP power was much better than in game power. Good instincts defensively. Profiles as a corner outfielder due to the lack of speed. Solid average athleticism even with poor speed, looks athletic in the box. Direct routes in the outfield, with the ability read the ball off the bat well. Plus arm strength; suited for RF. He has two plus tools with the mature hit tool, and plus arm strength. Good instincts and IQ to be solid average defensively will make Piscotty an above average big leaguer. 

Plummer doesn't have an high ceiling thanks to his limited power profile, but he does have a refined swing and advanced plan at the plate for a player approaching his 19th birthday. His patience at the plate has gotten him in trouble thus far as a professional, as his judgement of the strike zone is currently better than the umpires at his present level of competition, but that problem will solve itself in time. His compact swing and good barrel control give him a chance to hit atop a big league lineup in a few years, and his plate discipline gives him a safety net in case the hit tool falls short. His lack of power means he'll have to earn his way on, but he embraces the roll of being a table setter. In the field, Plummer shows refined ability to track fly balls, though doesn't have the elite straight-ahead speed or range of a plus center fielder. Still, he should be able to remain in the middle of the field, at least through his prime.  Plummer's ability to play everyday will rest on his bat and whether he gets on base enough to justify it.

I first saw him play in the GCL and the strides heâ\x80\x99s made really stand out. He still has some raw parts to his game, but things are starting to come together for him. The tools are there for Polanco to continue to produce as he advances through the ranks. I really like how his defense has caught up to his offense. For the first time in a couple of years I can see him staying in CF as long as he continues to work, but a move to a corner isnâ\x80\x99t out of the question. Offensively, he stills shows vulnerability to outside off-speed pitches from righties, especially down in the zone. Iâ\x80\x99d like to see more ABâ\x80\x99s against left-handed pitching, but he did a decent job staying in and not bail out when lefties pitched him inside.

Polanco has the natural hand-eye coordination to hit .300, and because his approach makes no effort to hit for power, he should be able to continue to hit for average as he moves up. Lack of power will limit his ceiling, though he will collect some extra base hits to keep defense honest. If he stays at short stop he'll be a below average defender, but he should be able to handle second base and could be an above-average everyday player there if he can continue to hit over .300. If the hit tool falls slightly short, he'll be a second-division regular, but arm limits his utility profile.

Signed as an international free agent out of Colombia in 2012. Polo displayed flashes of his tools throughout both series watched, but the overall profile likely leans towards a second division player because he lacks a standout tool. Polo is a high risk player because this is his first sting in full-season ball and he lacks projection in his tools and frame. This leads questions for me towards the ultimate ceiling, and I think he realistically settles into a fourth outfield or bench role.

Pompey is a wildly fascinating prospect because of what he's come from and what he could still become. He's still incredibly raw and doesn't hit for much power right now, especially home run power, but it's in there. He has the bat speed to hit the ball over the fence, especially from the left side where the swing is already refined. Because of the speed, defense and arm, the bat doesn't have to make as much progress as it does with some prospects in order for him to earn major league playing time. The bat from the right side might make him susceptible to platoon splits, but the left side is good enough to carry him, and it's on the correct side of the platoon. If the power develops all the way, he could be a 20-homer player with plus defense in center field, but even if it doesn't quite get there, he should hit enough to justify regular playing time.

Excellent athlete; overall game is still on the raw side; type of player that can take a big step forward as experience against quality competition builds; swing left me a little flat in this look; have some questions as to whether ability to adjust swing is there; strong defensive skills - can add value to roster if bat falls short; potential to hold down a regular job if everything comes together, but see this player as a fourth outfielder over the long-run of the career.  

Drafted in the first round of the 2016 draft and signed under slot value, Potts is one of the youngest players in the Midwest League. After getting off to a slow start, the 18-year-old has begun to show his power potential. His age and the amount of swing-and-miss in his game give a high level of risk to the profile. However, the power is real and the defense is solid, giving Potts a projection of a major league regular at the hot corner. 

Powell puts the bat on the ball and can take a walk. His lack of power will limit his OBP at the highest level, however, as pitchers will not be afraid to challenge him. He can pull a ball hard on a mistake, but is otherwise at his best when shooting line drives over the field and hitting the ball where it's pitched. Defensively, he's a good center fielder who uses his plus speed effectively, taking crisp routes in the field and demonstrating an aptitude for going back on fly balls. Ultimately, his lack of hard contact suggests that he's a fourth outfielder. He'll be a good one though, and it wouldn't be shocking if a modest uptick in power allowed him to start in center for a few years. 

Prime is young and hasn't mastered his physicality yet, leading to some uncoordinated and stiff actions in the field and box alike. When he gets properly synched he can generate a nice swing plane with solid plate coverage and punish mistakes. But the defensive profile is first base all the way, and he's got some work to do to develop his receiving into solid-average territory. He's a dedicated player with a decent power bat, but without the kind of impact or even above-average projection for its utility to suggest more than a future bench bat at the highest level.

Profar has the hands, quickness, and spin recognition for an above average hit tool, but is limited by an over-aggressive approach at the plate. His defensive profile plays average at 3B/1B and he can occasionally fill in at 2B in a pinch. Profar warrants a report because of the tools and above-average raw power that are currently wasted on an upright and flat swing. If he can make swing changes and better tap into some of that strength, he could profile as an offensive-minded utility player with the ability to play three positions, or even fit well in a platoon role. Without a major adjustment, Profar's most likely role is as a Triple-A/depth piece.

Pruitt doesn't appear on prospect lists any more for a reason. He will need to overcome serious mechanical issues in his swing to make it onto a major league roster. His defense will float the profile. If everything comes comes together and he optimizes his swing and defensive portfolios, he could make a second division regular who hits at the bottom of a lineup, but that seems very unlikely.

Signed as an international free agent in 2012 out of the Dominican Republic for $540,000. Pujols displays a plethora of enticing raw tools, and the in-game skill set is inching closer to actualizing. He's more than capable of playing RF and the bat has impact ability. There is risk involved due to his limited professional experience along with the aggressive and pull-happy approach.

Quinn is a switch hitting, sparkplug centerfielder. Leadoff type. He has more bat than your typical 80 runner; not a slap hitter. 

As with so many prospects with loud tools, Quinn's future role will come down to whether or not he hits. I don't know if Quinn will hit, and I don't believe he'll ever be even an average hitter from the right side, but he can do enough other things well - things that hold a lot of value - that he should carve out a major league role. Top-end speed and the ability to play shortstop in the big leagues are two rare commodities, and Quinn has the ability to do both. Even if he doesn't hit enough to play every day, there's a utility profile in there. His speed will allow his bat to play up from it's natural ability, which he will need. Ultimately, I'm not confidant in the bat, but if can even sniff average production, it could be enough to make him a second-division regular.

Light-bat outfielder with elite speed-based game. Switch hitter with simple swing. Lots of swing-miss to approach and struggles to drive ball with much authority. Might run into a couple over the course of season, but power is light. Mostly limited to singles, despite speed. Speed is plus-plus on a bad day; constant threat to bunt for hits and steal bases. AVG to above AVG defender with plus range. Arm leaves some to be desired--low throws without much carry. History of injuries has limited his track record. Profiles as 4/5 OF, pinch runner-type.

Ramirez was inconsistent in these viewings, flashing plus hit skills in some at-bats, but looking lost and producing weak choppers in others. His ability to create hard line drive contact is his strength, but the lack of power in his profile leaves his offensive projection on the fringy side, and Iâ\x80\x99m not confident he will consistently barrel up pitches against better arsenals because of the lack of athleticism in his stroke. Itâ\x80\x99s difficult to envision him as anything more than a potential reserve, and a lack of defensive versatility in the outfield gives him a very small window for logging consistent time on a big-league roster. 

A 14th-round Juco bat in 2014, Ramos boasts light-tower power from the left side and at least some idea of how to get to it. There's a good deal of swing-and-miss to his game, the product of a swing that'll stiffen up and an aggressive approach that has shown little sign of tamping down. He shows quality arm strength, but as a first base-only prospect the power is his notable asset. His is the kind of one-dimensional profile that doesn't play particularly well in the modern game. He'll need to continue showing he can get to his power in full at every level, and even that leave him with a modest second-division profile, with an org trajectory still his most likely. 

Ramsay is a former seventh-round pick with a solid speed and defense skill-set, and strong work ethic. The offensive profile is limited though appropriately geared towards contact, with a short, quick stroke that maximizes efficiency to the ball, but limits his ability to drive it with any authority. He controls the zone well and will work a walk, and he can be a pest by spoiling and working pitchers. The utility of his speed is limited on the bases at present, but it helps him maximize his range in the field. He's an efficient route-runner with a nose for the ball who can handle all three outfield positions, and he profiles as a solid fourth outfielder with versatility and some on-base ability. 

Ray grades out as average in everything besides his speed, which makes gives him the ceiling of a major-league regular. Heâ\x80\x99s likely to reach that ceiling given that his tools are rather developed at 22 years old, but he just doesnâ\x80\x99t have the pop in his bat or enough barrel control to grade out as an above-average hitter or power threat. Heâ\x80\x99s an athletic outfielder who profiles in left or center and should be able to hit enough to keep a regular spot on a potential playoff team. 

Read has about a 50/50 chance of sticking behind the plate. If he does, his fringe-to-average contact/power game would make him a capable starter. If not, heâ\x80\x99s more of a second-tier starter at first base. The risk lies in the fielding profile, but his bat should give him a role for a MLB club at the very least.

Reed is exactly the kind of advanced power bat that really has little to prove in the California League. His raw strength and collegiate polish are a recipe for exactly the kind of Herculean numbers he's produced thus far, and we're not going to be able to draw too many conclusions about the central question of his power utility until he gets challenged by better sequencing and fastball execution at higher levels.  Still, it's very much worth confirming that the bat looks very good. It's a three-true-outcome profile, and there will be ample swing-and-miss in his game thanks to a load that can get sloppy and modest bat speed. But Reed's approach is among the more advanced I've seen in the league and he shows a rare ability among hitters with his kind of raw power to get to it in games. He demonstrates a good kind of patience, working counts well and attacking with a selective aggression. He's not passive and will jump fastballs early in counts while also showing encouraging discipline in laying off heaters in the tougher-to-reach corners of the zone.  The intelligence in the box pairs well with top-shelf brute strength to offset some of the physical limitations Reed's large frame presents, and the combination gives his light-tower power the opportunity to play. I'm bullish he can continue to bring a sizeable chunk of the power into games against advanced pitching and produce value despite a fringy defensive profile. The production will get discounted for the time being on account of league and ballpark context, but Reed has legitimate impact offensive potential and projects as a potential middle-of-the-order bat in a good lineup.  

It's important to keep in mind that Reed is still relatively new to being just a position player, so the progress he's shown is something to be admired. That being said, there's still a lot of work to be done here if he's going to be a regular at first base, and as impressive as the approach and power is, three true outcome players are an extremely volatile bunch. The ceiling is average starter at first base capable of hitting 25 to 30 homers a year, with Matt Stairs off the bench as a floor.

50; Second Division Second Baseman. Refsnyder will hit for average and get on base, but provides little in the way of speed, power or defensive value. 

It isn't difficult to see what the Padres were thinking when they drafted Renfroe out of Mississippi State with the No. 13 overall selection in the 2013 amateur draft. He is easy to dream on due to his loud tools that allow for an easy fit into the mold of a classic right field profile. But there is plenty of work to be done with the swing and approach before he can reach his ceiling of a first division player, making this college bat a riskier proposition than most. At the plate, Renfroe is a player that likes to fire his mechanics early and wants to make contact out in front. That isn't an issue, but due to his pre-swing noise, the back elbow can be in the wrong spot when he launches his bat into the zone. If this can be cleaned up, the bat will stay longer in the zone and close up a hole in his swing.  Furthermore, the approach is unrefined. The player wants to swing immediately when stepping into the box, but if the ball isn't put into play, he is in trouble. This is because the player struggled against spin in this look, and now a heavier dose of those offerings are coming his way. The best way to avoid this is to not miss on those early count fastballs. But there is no two-strike approach or backup plan when that doesn't work. I don't believe pitch identification is the issue as I saw him do a solid job tracking those offerings. But since he wants to make contact out in front, the hands need to do a better job of staying back. He can reach out and adjust to hit sliders with horizontal action, but it is offerings with vertical movement that gave him trouble.

Renfroe has the chance to become a big-time power bat on a team that is itching for offense. It's important that they let him marinate in Double-A until he refines his approach even more so and finds some consistent success. It was very simple to beat him early on. Fastball outer-half; then slider/curve outer-half and then off the plate to get him to chase. The hit tool did not grade out well in the first couple of looks, but the bat speed was evident, and as the season went on he started knocking balls out of the park with more regularity. Adjustments were made; he showed the ability to spit on pitches that he was chasing early and attack pitches in the zone more often. His power is tied to the hit tool, of course, and in order for him to become a game-changing bat he needs to continue to adjust to the pitchers tendencies.  Hitters hit, and Renfroe did enough mashing to get to Double-A at the all-star break. He's struggling a little now, which could be just adjusting to the level and getting a feel (which he seemed to do well in High-A), so I'd keep him there the rest of this season and the majority of next before seeing what he can do at the major league level. 

The Dominican is being tested early with an aggressive assignment to Delmarva in his age 18 season, but he looks more than capable of handling the jump. Reyes displayed an impressive performance all weekend against Greensboro, displaying his enormous raw power and barrel control.  All the signs of a productive power bat are evident with Reyes, although the projectable growth and defensive deficiencies likely move him to a first base profile. Regardless, I believe Reyes will be able to hit enough for the profile to work. The risk is high because he has not seen much time in a full-season league.

Reyes signed as an international free agent out of the Dominican Republic in 2012. The overall profile lacks a carrying tool, but Reyes should be able to work his way to the upper minors by playing up the middle defense in a potential utility role. The risk is moderate because he is in his first year of full-season ball, although there is not a large amount of growth left in the profile. Reyes projects to be a strong org player with good makeup.

Despite lacking immense tools across the board, Victor Reyes can hit and will continue to hit as he climbs the ladder. It's a left-field profile as he lacks the necessary arm strength to profile in right field, and the realization that he's a corner outfielder at the end of the developmental day may scare some away when taking into account the lack of over-the-fence pop he projects to produce. We're looking at a player who can put the barrel on the baseball and live from gap-to-gap, however, and that in and of itself could carry him despite the square-peg-in-a-round-hole profile. 

Signed by the Padres as an IFA for $700,000 in 2011, Reyes is an imposing figure with some modest athleticism to belie his gigantic frame. He's playing right field currently, and while he shows some route-running ability his lack of start-up speed is a significant hindrance. The bat is going to need to max out for Reyes to threaten a big league career, and it remains extremely raw. There's enough fluidity and bat speed to project some improvement of the hit tool into a respectable range, but the timing issues and over-aggressiveness preclude optimism that it gets there.

One of the more exciting players in the FSLl, Austin Riley stands out. He has size and smooth actions. He plays an athletic third base, handling many challenging plays ahead, behind, and to his side. There is present game power, and visible raw power to right-center field. His hit tool is below average because of leakage and weight balance but with further instruction and repetition, the 20-year-old's hit tool will improve. Riley has the defense and power combo to be an Atlanta favorite, all contingent on his weight balance at the plate. There's a significant gap between where Riley is now where he could be, hence the high risk factor. Still, I believe he has the aptitude and ability to make those adjustments and justify his ceiling.

Rios was taken in the sixth round in 2015 out of Florida International and signed to a mildly below-slot deal. He's a power-hitting first baseman with double-plus raw power and a swing chalk full of leverage and loft geared to take advantage of it. The power comes from brute strength over bat speed, however, and the extreme length of both his stride and barrel delivery leaves him vulnerable to swings and misses, as well as frequent sawed-off contact on the inner third. He's strong enough to turn the latter into base hits, though, and he shows some innate timing and hand-eye coordination. That gives him a puncher's chance to hit enough that his power carries the day and helps him evolve into a big-league regular. But it's a tough profile, as he won't add much with the glove, he'll actively subtract on the bases, and the overzealous present approach will need to tone down as he advances. Anything less than near-full power utility, and there probably isn't enough here to force everyday at-bats. 

Leonardo Rivas is a "winning ballplayer" that can enhance a team in numerous ways. His natural athleticism and exceptional baseball instincts enable him to flourish in multiple positions/situations and make him a valuable addition to any roster. He can be an everyday SS/2B or a valuable asset of the bench.

I've rarely heard higher praise for a player than Lance Parrish's comment on Rivera: "He's superman strong." That encapsulates where his value lies quite nicely. Outside of his power, Rivera offers very little. He isn't a liability on defense as long as Detroit keeps him at first base, but everything boils down to what he can do in the batters' box That's why the hit tool scares me so much. He could stall out as low as High-A if he doesn't fix his timing and load issues. He could just as easily stall out when faced with good pitching thanks to his extraordinarily aggressive approach, particularly against pitches below the zone, which he has a very hard time letting go.

Signed as an international free agent in 2012 out of Venezuela for $110,000. I see value as a backup catcher, as the defense has a chance to play average if he refines a few mechanical aspects with the footwork and decision making. The risk remains high due to the lack of a hit tool and limited time against stronger competition.

Impact defensive profile at up the middle position; speed plays on both sides of the ball; potential top of the order hitter that posts high averages, solid OBP, and wreaks havoc on the bases; potential to develop strength that augments premium bat speed and leads to some power; confident player with strong makeup; shows instincts on the field.

Robles is a five-tool center fielder that can impact the game in a variety of ways. His electric stroke will play against plus major-league stuff and he has speed that will make pitchers stay awake at night. He has the potential to be a top-five defensive center fielder in the bigs if he can settle down his approach. This doesnâ\x80\x99t even mention his sneaky-average game pop given his frame. Robles is a future multi-time all star and a player you can build your team around. 

The third-overall pick in 2015, Rodgers shows a premium combination of hand-eye coordination, aggressiveness, and coordination. He gets after balls in the zone with intent, using strong wrists and top-shelf bat-to-ball to generate loud contact. While his aggressiveness may be open to initial exploitation at higher levels, it's the good kind that seeks to do damage in the zone. He's a sound glove at the six who does most things at an average or better level, with a defensive sum-of-parts that plays up. This is an elite prospect with five-tool talent at a premium position. Rodgers is as high a probability to develop into a first-division player as you'll find in High A. 

Rodriguez has one of the more high-end packages in all of the minors. When you watch Rodriguez play his tools are easy to spot. What also stands out are his intangiblesâ\x80\x93grit, determination, confidence, and love for the game. His floor is very high with his ability to control the zone, find the barrel and play right field at an above-average level. But Rodriguez sure looks like he is on the path of perennial All-Star.

Rodriguez has elite raw power, but it will not manifest in-game due to the supreme contact issues. This will hinder him from seeing significant time in the majors, especially with a first base only profile.

It's a right field profile. He has the arm and power upside for it. The excitement here is the hit/power combo, where both are on their way to being above average. The approach and pitch recognition are advanced for an 18-year-old. He mashed in a small sample of High-A.

Usually a player with two 80 grade tools is a top prospect and a star waiting to happen, but when the pitch recognition and hit tool are this poor, it can derail the entire package. Rodriguez simply doesn't recognize off-speed pitches, leaving him susceptible to high strike out totals that limit how much his power plays in games. He punishes fastballs with regularity, to the point where I wonder why any pitcher even throws him one in the strike zone. He will likely never be a major leaguer, however, and certainly will never be a third baseman, where his defense is a liability. Rodriguez's arm is fantastic but he's destined for a position where it provides limited value. Rodriguez has two top-of-the-charts tools, but neither will play in games because of the flaws that surround the rest of his game. He's already struggling in the Florida State League and has yet to see pitchers in Double-A with an advanced plan and more refined breaking pitches. He would have to make significant improvements in his hitting ability to reach the major leagues.

While Rodriguez still carries some boom/bust potential, there were enough signs of maturing skills in this four-game look for me to state, with confidence, that he has a realistic shot of being a big leaguer. The raw tools remain enormous, but this has never been an issue. The particular nuances of hitting have always been his struggle, but refinements in this area were evident in this four-game sample. He showed some aptitude for adjustment at the plate, particularly with arm-side breaking balls out of the zone, and flashed some ability to work deep into counts. While not a center fielder in the long-term, Rodriguez should be an above-average defender in right field with an absolute cannon for an arm.  The upside here is a ~.250 hitter with 20 home runs who can also rack up plenty of doubles and steal 20 bags with his above-average wheels. That's an above-average regular in right field who can impact the game in a lot of different aspects. The downside is that the adjustments noted in this most recent look fail to carry over and the hit tool never develops to its potential, and in this case, Rodriguez is more of a fourth/fifth outfielder who flashes tools but fails to consistently put them to use. Still only 21 years old, I'm willing to bet on the tools and hope the recent adjustments are signs of further skills maturation. 

Roederer projects as a platoon-type starting center fielder that mashes against right handed pitching. There is still significant risk in the hit tool as he still needs to prove that he can hit advanced pitching but the speed, defense, and pop will carry to at least a reserve role. 

A former fourth-rounder, Rogers has explosive physicality that manifests in a jaw-dropping pickup when he runs to full speed. The physical tools of a useful bench outfielder are there, but he's still pretty raw defensively, and the swing doesn't inspire confidence for sustained success against more advanced pitching. There are multiple holes and ways for pitchers to attack, though he'll keep them in the zone. Rogers is a dynamic and fun player to watch, and if he figures out a shorter swing there's potential for a big-league career beyond designated September base-stealer. 

Rondon is more the sum of his parts than any real game-changing tools. He's shown some ability to put the bat on the ball and hit it hard, and I was impressed with the way he handled himself on the field surrounded by older players. His all-around game screams major leaguer but without a plus tool in his arsenal, a starting shortstop position may be dreaming too high for him. He's got an outside shot, with solid average tools across the board (besides power), but most likely he'll carve out a nice career as a utility guy playing both shortstop and 2nd base. It's not a sexy outlook, but it's one that can provide good value to a team. 

Rondon's ceiling could be seen with a glass half-full or half-empty approach. There is no tool at his possession that could possibly allow him to reach a high ceiling. But he does possess a carrying attribute, and that is the ability to play a solid-average shortstop, given his smooth glove and soft hands. He could play second base, too, so there is flexibility in that sense, in case he's sharing a roster with another shortstop that profiles better at the position. The floor isn't a bad one; a high 40/utility player that can play either shortstop or second base while filling in at third base in shorter stints. Ultimately, I think that is his role on a quality team at the highest level.  If Rondon can convince me he's a plus hitter rather just an above-average one, I would buy more stock in a league average shortstop. But right now, I feel he stabs a bit too much with his swing and don't see the overall strength to become a plus hitter. 

See as a strong side platoon player. 20-year-old L/R catcher, plus defensive skills, future below-avg offensive contributor but still have strong interest in the player given plus defender behind the plate.

Rosario profiles to be a solid first-division utility infielder or a second-division regular in the future, and is smart enough to make the most out of his collection of average skills. The odds are long, but if the aforementioned below-average game power comes along, he could even be a first-division regular who plays three infield positions depends on the day's needs. Rule 5-eligible after 2019, he could be added to the 40-man this winter or selected by another organization. Despite recently turning 20, he could be in the big leagues next year, in which case he won't struggle to crack the Richie Martin line if given semi-regular playing time.  

Rosario shows some promise with the bat, but doesn't make consistently hard contact and doesn't drive the ball. At his peak, he should offer some doubles power, but will never be a big over-the-fence contributor. His aggressiveness at the plate can be improved upon with age, but is also a part of his mentality as a player and thus likely doesn't have a ton of room for growth. That aggressiveness limits his swing utility and should ultimately cause him to be a down-in-the-order hitter unless he proves to have better contact skills than he's presently showing. Rosario is a fantastic shortstop, which will be enough to carry him to the big leagues. He has a chance to be a plus defender at a premium position, and will be able to remain at the position for the majority of his career. That lowers the bar on his bat, which should be good enough to be an everyday player but won't be of the impact variety. With his defense, that won't matter. The common assumption is that he will add weight onto his thin frame as he grows, but his narrow shoulders and slight build don't allow for much room for growth. This isn't a player who is going to fill out significantly and pack on substantial pounds. He'll get stronger, but only incrementally, which will keep his power in the gaps rather than over the fence. It will also keep him from having to move off of shortstop, which is ultimately more important. There is still a lot of room for growth with Rosario, who is still just 19, but unless he significantly improves his contact skills and feel for the barrel, he won't be an impact hitter. His defense is strong enough, however, to be an everyday player and an extremely good shortstop, and with the bar being where it is for shortstops offensively, reaching 45/35 with plus defense could still put him in the top half of shortstops in the league.

Bat first player; value to a roster tied into level of offensive production; natural hitting ability; has potential to play up as a high average hitter with some pop if improvements in secondary skills take; will surprise with pop, but seems to fall in love with it; must learn that is not the type of hitter he is; not big on the way he plays the game; concerned that ability to adjust quickly and willingness to do so is not there; not likely to stick as long-term regular for me.  

Already a plus-defending outfielder, Rosario's ultimate ceiling will rely on his continued offensive development. His floor may be as a defensive fourth outfielder off the bench, but he's flashed enough offensive potential to be an everyday contributor, possibly atop the lineup. There's still plenty of upside and projection in the talented 19-year-old, who could develop into a prototypical plus-defending/leadoff-hitting centerfielder.

Rosario's defensive skills were clear strengths in his game, and along with his speed and developing hit tool he projects as an above-average everyday shortstop at the highest level. 

Still a teenager, Ruiz impressed after a mid-season promotion to High-A as an advanced receiver with quality bat-to-ball skills and some nascent pop. The defensive package is raw to be sure, particularly regarding controlling the running game, but he already frames quite well and flashes sound blocking technique. The left-handed bat is much farther along, but he's got an idea of the strike zone from both sides and shows strong hand-eye and barrel control. This is a quality catching prospect with the ingredients to develop into a big-league starter, with room for a bit more if the right-handed swing maxes out. 

Ruiz's unique blend of speed and power elicit a tantalizingly high-ceiling for the Padres young infield prospect. If cultivated properly, Esteury could flourish into an everyday, All-Star caliber, run-producing second baseman.

Keibert Ruiz's excellent hand-eye coordination and fluid athleticism should lead the way to his overall projection as a major-league regular at catcher. The switch-hitter makes contact consistently on balls in and out of the zone. As his approach improves, he should hit for an average batting average while hitting 8-12 home runs, more coming from the left side. Ruiz should be an above-average defender who controls the run game well enough to let the other tools shine through. Ruiz is currently over-aggressive at the plate which leads to mostly weak contact on balls that should have put him into a more advantageous count. This combined with his average bat speed could limit his contact to the point where he will be more serviceable as a backup catcher. More than likely, the 19 year old will iron out some of the kinks in his approach and he will be able to tap into the skill-set enough. His upside is tied to his approach and how much of his average raw power he taps into and with large improvements he could produce fringe-allstar value.

Ruiz struggled early but bounced back to flash his promising upside. The hit tool has a chance to be above-average and the power could play to average at maturity. The defense is a work-in-progress, but he's looking better as the season progresses and the arm is strong. With the proper amount of work and desire on his part he can turn himself into a solid-average 3rd baseman. A .270-.280 hitter with 17-25 home runs is a good player and a player most teams would love to stick at 3rd base. 

Rutherford really doesnâ\x80\x99t have a glaring weakness in his profile. The former first-round pick can hit, run, throw and field to at least average levels. His power growth as his body matures may be what puts him over the top to become an above-average regular, though his swing and approach plays more to the gaps. Rutherford is a fairly sure bet to become a capable major league corner outfielder because thanks to an all-around game, though he lacks for standout carrying tools to expect a ceiling much higher. 

Rutschman does everything well, if not above average on all his tools with very few holes. There are so many commitments to balance as a professional catcher: handling a staff, scouting an opponent, and then putting in time in the batting cages from both sides of the plate. If anything suffers, maybe it's the bat, but the defense alone is consistent enough to make him an everyday catcher on a first division team with a high floor. However, if the bat continues to play, he is a regular all-star caliber player given the positional scarcity. Given the physical demands of the position and high attrition rates, there is enough risk involved to prevent a higher OFP, although a 70 grade in the future is not out of the question.

Signed as an international free agent out of the Dominican Republic in 2013 for $132,500. Sanchez displays loud tools, including his raw power and strong arm, but the hit tool needs much refinement before he starts to see more consistency at the plate. The ingredients are all there for a bat-first type player that can play on the right side of the field in Right Field or First Base. While he lacks a ton of athleticism, I am optimistic that the raw power will play even if the hit tool only plays to fringe.

His ceiling is that of a starting centerfielder but the more likely outcome is bench outfielder who will always be able to come in for defense and to run the bases. The profile carries risk on account of his young age and his great distance from the big leagues. He is ready for a new challenge, but it is possible the flaws in his approach at the plate will be exposed at the higher levels of the minors. 

A hitter first and foremost. Will be a run-producing corner outfielder that fits the profile, chance to have all-star caliber years of production. Still young and refining his game, leading to potential of even more projection. His natural born skills will take him very far, and as he matures could become a special player. Only risk involved is the swing-and-miss to his game, but if that devolves, the rest of his value as a player is sapped.

Sanchez is an intriguing player with a hit-first style. His bat will likely work at C, but the defense is not at the level needed to stick defensively at the highest level. He is not reliable behind the plate currently, although there have been slight improvements in his horizontal movement since my last viewing in 2013. The bat may play at 1B, but it takes away his best value as a prospect - the arm. Sanchez is still a high risk player even with significant time at the Double-A level. His defensive game is not ready for the majors and could significantly alter his value as a prospect. With fringe defense at C, he is a bat first prospect that will need to crush the ball to stick as a consistent starter as a 1B/DH hybrid that can play C in a pinch. I think he is closer to the realistic role than the OFP.

A product of the Phillies prior regime, Sandberg is a quality athlete, but those athletic tools haven't manifested themselves fully onto the field as he struggles at the plate.  This is his first time at the level and might repeat next year. See more as an organizational OF.

Sandberg lacks a carrying tool, which will ultimately hinder his overall value to a reserve role. I think the power will play in spurts, but I do not envision a player that will be able to consistently piece together at bats in the majors. The risk is high due to his lack of experience playing baseball full time and limited exposure to higher levels of competition. Round Drafted: 3rd round, 2013 ($775,000)Why: raw, two-sport athlete (football) with potential to tap into above-average raw power.

Showed strong on-the-field effort; took batting practice and infield work seriously; stayed focused in the game (despite rain delay and poor conditions); highly competitive and will show emotion on the field; good overall approach at the plate; knows the strike zone; will chase and miss, but appears to have good pitch recognition skills. Player shows all five tools; power is elite and will carry him; hit tool is good enough to let power play, but wonâ\x80\x99t be a high average hitter; has some OBP skills; runs very well for his size; excellent top gear; glove will keep him at third; not flashy but excels coming in on the ball and has a plus-plus arm; makeup to play at advanced level at early age; strong approach to the mundane aspects of the game (daily BP/fielding, etc); top tier talent.

Not a max-effort player; can give away at-bats; frustrating; makes it all look very easy, both with the glove and when it comes to contact; when he wants to shine, he can. Impact shortstop at highest level; easy plus glove; easy plus run; plus arm; plus potential hit tool; natural player; questionable work ethic/effort; limited power; leadoff potential if bat develops; has idea/approach at the plate; down-the-lineup glove-first type as a floor.

Schales was selected in the 4th round of the 2014 draft, which was a reasonable spot for him to be selected. While the only standout tool is the arm, Schales provides enough ability to work as a second division or bench option with power. The risk is high due to the level and the amount of development left, mainly with the bat.

Not a flashy profile; does enough at the plate to earn and MLB opportunity as a LHH bench option; will hit, get on base some, and drive the ball to the gaps and out of the park; can stand at multiple defensive positions but won't be an asset at any of them; not a standout prospect by any means, but a useful MLB bat off the bench.

The Cubs drafted Schwarber for his bat which doesn't have the high-ceiling talent of some of their current top prospects, but does profile to be that of a solid, major league contributor. Schwarber's long-term home isn't behind the plate, but he can handle the responsibility for the time being, perhaps even catching everyday during the early part of his career. He'll always be below average behind the plate, but he's capable enough to remain back there for the time being given the asset that his offensive production would be from that position. A realistic scenario could see the Cubs using him in the majors the same way they are using him in the minors, where he is catching a few days a week while splitting time in the outfield. That would allow his bat to continue to be an asset while keeping him from being over-exposed at the position. Overall, the bat is going to have to carry Schwarber no matter where he ends up. The longer he can stay behind the plate, the more valuable his bat will be, but it will always be a stretch defensively. He'll end up in left field full time before he turns 30, but he has enough bat to be an everyday player out there as well.

Scivique is not going to provide a lot offensively, nor does he have the defensive skills of former teammate Grayson Greiner to provide value as a defensive player. He competes and helps a team at the upper levels.

This 20-year-old player is very advanced for his age, and does not belong in the California League (High-A). He possesses loud tools that allow for a potential All-Star ceiling, but is doing his damage against opposing pitchers without relying on his pure talent. He is quite frankly brighter than opposing pitchers, and is able to pick apart their plan and make them pay for it. The player has made steady improvements on the little things throughout the season, too.  I don't believe the player will be able to stick at shortstop, and feel a move to third base is inevitable. He possesses a huge frame; getting bigger every time I see him, and lacks the looseness to stick at shortstop. But he will be more than fine at the hot corner, where the stick will play with ease. 

The first two looks at Seager last year left me unimpressed, but this year he has made improvements at the plate and has shown the ability to make adjustments. Last year and early this year he expanded the zone and looked uncomfortable, especially with runners on base. After a brief DL stint, he came back with a more selectively aggressive approach and showed more frequent hard contact vs. quality stuff. The bat could be above-average long term which can show off his great strength and leverage in his swing. His glove and arm are plus at present, which alone will keep him at shortstop for the time being. Overall, Seager is a smooth operator with a decent chance to produce solid offensive production and good defense from the left side of the infield. Above-average stuff and more advanced arms may highlight his problems with inside velocity, so Double-A will be a big test. 

My first look at the player came in late 2013, after he was promoted to High-A in his first full pro season. He didn't look good at the plate, but was clearly fatigued and struggling with adjustments to better competition after a long first year in pro ball. He came into this year looking even bigger, causing me to believe in early April that he wouldn't be able to stick at shortstop for much longer. But regardless of his future defensive home, I was impressed with the bat, seeing 60-grade hit and power tools. I may have sold his offensive talents a tick too low, as this could be a special bat. The player's improved significantly in areas of strength and weaknesses at the plate., as issues I previously had have been tempered. He is over-striding less, instead staying back much better, and its opened his power game to left field. The deep load that he got away with has been cut down, too. I didn't believe he would have to make either adjustment until Double-A, so this speaks to his work ethic he was able to clear up these things before they affected his performance. There is mild risk in the overall profile; he's been dominating pitchers much older than him, including in lefty on lefty situations, while improving at a steady rate. The defense can be improved, but he will need to move off of shortstop and over to the hot corner sooner rather than later.

Ceiling: First-division infielder, able to hit for plus average and power. Realistic: Lack of jaw-dropping carrying tool, well-rounded tool set doesn't play into consistent top-of-the-league production; high-floor player, safe bet to develop into an above-average regular.  SUMMARY: Polished college bat was best in class; potential impact cornerstone piece and long-term big leaguer. Middle-of-the-order offensive upside for average and power; average glove with a solid arm; best position is third base, versatility to second.

Signed as an international free agent out of the Dominican Republic in 2010. Severino is a defense-first player that lacks the hit tool necessary to start in the majors. The glove alone is not enough to carry him as a starting option, and the bat has shown no signs of consistency. His makeup has been questionable in all of my viewings heading back to last year. 

Ceiling: Longshot second-division regular; utility player with impact speed and defensive versatilityFloor: Up-and-down speedster; few cups of coffee as designated pinch runner Seymour is a plus athlete with impact speed that plays, but he lacks strength on both sides of the ball. He is still turning his athleticism into baseball skills, continuing to learn how to get the most value from his speed-based tool set. His unique range of skills can help a big league club, albeit most likely in a reserve capacity. 

Playing plus defense at first base and his power at the plate gives Sheets a fairly high floor. Adding his control of the zone and possibility to have a high OBP regularly. Package makes him an enticing young power hitter. 

Sierra is a center fielder in the short- and long-term. He has the instincts, speed, and glove to create highlight reel plays. His body type should allow him to retain his speed over the long haul. Sierra has leadoff-guy ability with a hit tool that allows for fast-guy slug--triples and doubles. However, what's holding him back is his plate discipline and base-stealing, though more the former than the latter. Luckily, these are skills that talented ballplayers like Sierra improve with playing time, which he is sure to get. The formula is simple: improve his pitch recognition, he improves his hit tool.

Simcox won't bring much to the plate, but he profiles well as a utility infielder capable of bringing strong defensive value all over the diamond. 

Chance Sisco is relatively new to catching, and the inexperience shows at times. The most important factor to me has been the noted improvements since I first saw him in 2013. The footwork behind the plate has vastly improved, and I had serious questions about his ability to catch last year. The arm is average, yet accurate. It's not a detriment on his game, considering he still has room to grow into his frame and tack on some extra muscle. The swing is good and I believe the power should come down the line, even if it is not currently present.

Sisco can't catch. After multiple viewings in consecutive seasons, I see no progression and little evidence that he will be able to handle a long-term role behind the plate in the majors. The bat has been the carrying tool, with a strong approach and contact ability. He's athletic enough to play 2nd, 3rd, or corner OF, which the bat will need to hit its potential for there to be value as a regular. The risk is still high with Sisco and he is a volatile prospect due to the defensive concerns. Round Drafted: 2nd round (61st overall), 2013. Signed for $785,000 Why: Feel for hitting; potentially athletic enough to play C; chance for average or higher hit tool and power.

Sisco can hit. The hit tool is plus and will carry him through the minors. He shows enough ability at the plate for me to call him a regular major leaguer right now. However, there is a large concern with the catching ability, and I question whether he sticks there in the future. He is athletic and played SS in High School, so a move away from C is realistic. The defense will likely never become anything more than fringe, and the bat may be best used if away from the catching position, so he can focus more on hitting. I think it is realistic for the Orioles to keep Sisco as a C for now, with the idea of potentially moving him to 3B or LF down the road. There may even be enough athleticism to play 2B, but that may be too optimistic of a thought. Overall, Sisco is a good contact hitter than can spray the ball around the field, especially opposite field. His approach is advanced for a High School selection, but the defense will likely hold him back from ever becoming a major league catcher. I think he can become a major league regular, just not at Catcher.

Skole lacks the bat to play consistently in the majors. His swing has displayed noise for consecutive seasons without any improvements. He does not carry defensive value and is better suited for 1B long-term. At best, he can provide some pop off the bench. Round Drafted: 5th round, 2011 (signed for 161,100)Why: Chance to hit with plus power at third base.

Long history with player; never impressed with defensive skill set; walked away from series very impressed with ability to handle up-the-middle spot; lacks ideal speed but has instincts and proper reads/routes so range is solid; only above average tool; played with effort; ran every ball out; heady in the field during the game. Lacks impact potential; can play all three outfield spots; bat wonâ\x80\x99t play as regular; lacks bat-to-ball ability; shows some approach; will play in upper minors; glove gives him a chance.

I have seen Skole multiple times now, heading back to 2012 when he was with Hagerstown and Potomac. While he has raw power and a terrific eye at the plate, the swing has been extremely inconsistent. The year he missed due to injury may be a factor in development. However, he has a lot of work to do with the bat. The swing will never work if he cannot lessen the noise and shorten it. His fringe ability at the hot corners is also a hindrance on his overall future potential.

Capable, likely 4th OF with quick bat and ability to drive ball. Generates power through bat speed, upper half. Early count aggressiveness leads to swing and miss tendencies. Doesn't use lower half much. Shows athleticism and potential.

Dominic Smith is a hit-first first baseman who projects to add some power down the line while playing plus defense at first base, leading to a ceiling of an average everyday first baseman at the highest level. The natural hitting chops are impressive, sporting a short, compact swing with an innate ability to get the barrel to the ball. The lower half is out of sync at present, causing him to be out in front of pitches far too often and sapping any sort of power in the swing. The first-base profile requires Smith to hit for power at the highest level, and in order to do this, Smith will need to clean up his lower half and learn how to keep his weight back and properly leverage balls. The 19-year-old should be able to do this in time with plenty of work, and mixed with the preternatural barrel skills, Smith should accumulate average power production and should be able to post slugging averages in the .420-.440 range despite mid-teens home run power due to plenty of doubles to all fields. Smith also shows the ability to be an asset in the field, displaying plus defense with a plus arm at first base. He will need to monitor his body as he climbs the ladder to make sure his range and flexibility aren't diminished, as he's already a well-below-average runner.  Smith's raw OFP averages to 52, but a slight upward adjustment to 55 is awarded due to a projected plus hit tool, which will be an equalizer at the highest level and will play even if the projected power never materializes. The ceiling is that of an average everyday first baseman, and if the power never comes along, Smith will become more of a second-division regular at the highest level. One must dream on the power in order to envisage a 50 on the tool, so the risk level remains high. 

Drafted in the first round (32nd overall) in 2016, Smith shows the ingredients of a solid big-league catcher. There are some raw elements to his receiving, but he possesses the physicality to develop into an above-average defender who controls the running game behind the plate. His athleticism is rare for a catcher, to where he boasts above-average present speed and offers the potential for some positional versatility that can lengthen a bench. He shows some aptitude for contact with a line drive-oriented stroke, and his advanced command of the zone, tracking ability, and willingness to work hit-by-pitches will drive an above-average on-base profile. If the bat maxes out he can develop into an above-average regular, with average regular a realistic outcome.

Smith has a huge gap between raw skills and in-game utility. He has the raw tools to be a plus hitter with average power, but his extremely passive approach and desire for contact over power lead to a significant step back in how those tools present themselves in a game. He does not look to drive the ball, nor does he embrace the role of being a run producer, something which he will need to adjust as he is destined for a first base position where his bat will have to carry him. He's a strong defender at first base, but that won't be enough to make up for a lack of power, if it never comes to fruition. In his first real taste of failure, Smith seems to be continually trying the same thing, only to find the same unsuccessful results. His issues identifying breaking balls from left-handed pitchers has been magnified this season, as he faces pitchers who can command breaking pitches consistently for the first time in his career. If he makes the necessary adjustments, he could turn into an slightly average major league hitter in the Yonder Alonso mold, though that would still lead to him being no better than average on the first base spectrum. Even with the proper adjustments, he may still struggle against left-handed pitching. He is still extremely young, having not yet turned 20 and facing High-A competition, so some struggles are to be expected and there is platy of time to correct them. The lack of adjustment over the course of a year's worth of looks, however, is very concerning.

If Smith could play center field, we'd really have something here, but I don't see that as a viable option and apparently neither do the Blue Jays. As it is, he's limited to left field, which makes for a tough profile without home run power. He should hit enough, get on base enough, and collect enough doubles to warrant every day playing time, but he'll have to get to at least double-digit home runs in order to be better than a second-division regular. I'm not sure if that is going to happen, but even if he doesn't, he can do enough with the stick and the legs to play on a part-time basis and be a valuable role player.

Soltis has projection left with the bat, displaying positive early signs in development. The defensive value is limited, as he fits better in LF, which ultimately limits his ceiling to a reserve or fourth outfielder. This is a nice find in the 5th round due to the bat projection, albeit the risk is still high and he needs to show refinement in the swing before moving on to higher levels.

Soto is a Dominican who signed in 2013 for $300,000. The early signs are positive, with him showing an advanced feel for the barrel in his early time with Greensboro. Soto fit right in, and didn't look overmatched at any point during the series. Soto likely has a maxed frame unless there is a growth spurt. Soto is a better athlete than the speed indicates, and shouldn't be an issue in the corner OF. The risk is high solely on his age and affiliate, but I envision a quick mover due to the advanced skills of the bat. 

Fairly safe low-ceiling prospect; big-league utility lies in defensive value at SS w/ ability to slot all around the IF. Lacks bat for everyday profile. Provides bench value w/ glove, arm, speed. Paul Janish type toolset. Moderate interest.

Heâ\x80\x99ll play and reach the highest level based on the defensive profile but hit tool will limit the power and be sub par.Starling made one in game adjustment I took note of. His 2nd at-bat he rolled over an outside FB for a 6-4 ground out. Next at-bat, was thrown the same pitch, let it travel and crushed it to RF for a HR. Bubba will flash stuff like this then punch out on pitches that were never near the zone. Frustrating. I just donâ\x80\x99t think the kid ever puts it together at the plate enough to be a major league regular.

Bubba Starling was once a heralded prospect. I just don't see it anymore. I don't Bubba has the ideal barrel skills or pitch recognition to hit enough to reach the major league level and all of the rest of his tools have downgraded. Over the course of the season, I've seen his average dig time to 1st base from home go down by .2 and at least a full grade and a half. Starling's arm is quiet strong but his accuracy has diminished and ultimately makes it play down a full grade. He has shown plus raw power but it has yet to transfer to the game and I don't think it ever will frankly. His ultimate hit tool utility will always limit the power and his overall potential. Starling looks lost often and there would need to be a lot of refinements and adjustments made for him to become a replacement level player.

Athleticism and loud raw tools but well below-average hit tool will spoil the party; terminal pitch recognition skills; will struggle with contact and could fail to eclipse Mendoza line; raw power exists because of bat speed and strength, but unlikely to play to potential because of aforementioned hit tool/recognition issues; plus athlete with major league quality defensive profile in center; speed is weapon; arm is weapon; overall profile is Drew Stubbs-light. 

Stewart has raw physical tools but the overall profile is hindered by his rigid swing and the extreme crouch in his batting stance. Slight adjustments could help play up his raw power, but the swing still lacks fluidity and will be tested at higher levels. There is moderate risk due to the adjustments needed at the plate and the potential to eventually move out of LF and to 1B. Round Drafted: 1st round, 2015 (signed for $2,064,500)Why: Advanced college bat with potential for above-average hit tool and power.

Plus-in game power with enough hitting ability to let it play at full utility. While Stewart won't provide much value defensively he more than makes up for it with the bat. Potential regular with room for more.

50; 2nd division Shortstop. Story fits the new mold of bat-first shortstops with fringy defense (ie. Jed Lowrie).

Suarez has some ability, but none of his tools are loud. He could be a second division starter with a decent hit tool, but this is not an impact bat and likely never will be. The most important aspect of his game is the ability to stick at shortstop, which will boost his value to a club solely because he is able to play multiple positions on the infield.

Very good feel for the game; knows what heâ\x80\x99s doing in all situations; love the instincts; plays the game hard; grinder type; still has to settle into the advanced game; does a lot of things modestly well. Classic grinder with limited tools; lack of significant hit projection and absence of substantial secondary offensive skills keeps him away from an everyday profile; despite modest range, has defensive chops for left side of the infield; tools play better at second base; has outfield experience in background; very versatile player with instincts for any position on the diamond; heady player; all-out style of play; the kind of guy every roster needs; should have big-league future but in a limited role.

As a 20-year-old in High-A, the Chicago native didn't look completely over-matched at the plate. The collection of speed, glove, and arm is enough to make him a future platoon/fourth outfielder who mostly plays corners while occasionally patrolling center field. Hit tool has a long way to go, and while the odds are slim, a major overhaul could bump him up to a starting profile.

Definition of a baseball player; does a bit of everything well; high chance to maximize every ounce of talent due to makeup; see a first-division regular here; can hit as high as the two-hole in a deep lineup; type of bat control and contact ability to approach .300 in the majors; see .280-.295, with 35-40 doubles and 15-17 home runs as peak season potential; add in defense at a premium position, and this is a core contributor on a contender. 

Switch hitting, athletic catcher; plus defender. Will hit for AVG with plenty of extra base hits. Above average big league starting catcher. 

Switch-hitting catcher with legit defensive skills and a projectable hit tool; power isnâ\x80\x99t big part of game, but should produce extra-base hits from a down-the-lineup role; makeup is top of the scale; will maximize skill-set; could develop into .275 hitter with 10 bombs and 20-plus doubles from behind the plate; top 101 prospect in the game with helium.

Drafted over-slot in the 14th round (7th round money) in 2014. Tanielu shows quality bat-to-ball skills with some nascent pop, though the game swing is geared for line drives and limits the power utility. The on-base profile will be average-dependent, and an all-fields approach and ability to make in-swing adjustments feeds a solid hit tool. He shows sound fielding instincts at third with notable body control and consistency in his transfers, with enough arm to handle the position. There are no standout tools, but he's a well-rounded player with no major deficits either. 

Tapia can straight up hit. First 7 I've ever put down on a hitter and I did so with confidence. He makes adjustments during at bats and during his own swings that are usually unseen at this level of minor league ball. Great instincts all around. Hopefully he can add some weight and strength to his frame. Could handle center easily. Top of the order hitter who could either be a table setter or clear the table himself. Special bat.

Tapia is young for the level and it shows in a multitude of rough edges to his game. The base-running and defense are both below-average at present, and while the raw tools suggest potential for improvement he hasn't shown it in either area in my looks. He can certainly hit, but the present approach is exceedingly aggressive, limiting the overall offensive profile and with it the OFP. There's a ton of mental and physical projection remaining here and a high degree of variance in his potential outcomes. I can't forecast a ceiling of more than a good second-division regular, but you don't have to squint too hard to see an actualized version of Tapia where he eventually hones his approach, the hit tool carries the day, and he develops into a consistent first-division player in his peak years.

Athletic OF with plus hit tool, bat to ball skills. Stance is noteworthy for two-strike exaggerated crouch, but hand load is steady and weight transfer allows for plus contact skills. OBP will linger near batting average due to contact-heavy approach. Has AVG raw power and can hit with authority in games, though emphasis on making contact will limit HR output. Likely to rack up doubles and triples. Speed appears to be AVG, though there might be an extra gear not on display in look; track record of stealing bases. Can fill-in in CF, though arm and glove would profile better in RF. Interesting tool set with athleticism and history of success. AVG corner OF a likely outcome.

Tatis' age, raw physical tools, and bloodline make him an intriguing prospect. Needs to clean up the swing and improve the hit tool to play up to his ceiling. If he can stick at shortstop, the power profile plays up more than if he has to be moved to the outfield. 

Fernando Tatis Jr. profiles as an all-star third baseman at the major-league level due to his future plus hit and power tools along with a plus defensive profile at third. Tatis Jr. has elite coordination and quickness that will allow him to be a force on the offense while his defensive instincts, quick first step, and plus arm will make him a potential gold glove defender at the hot corner. Tatis Jr.'s big hurdle lies in his ability to develop his pitch recognition and his approach around it. Without improvement it's likely that he will struggle to reach his offensive potential and will not fully tap into the physical aspects of his hit tool. Even in that scenario the glove and power should carry his profile to major-league regular levels. Fernando Tatis Jr. has the makeup and physical abilities to improve beyond his most likely outcome due to double plus raw power and upper tier physical tools+athleticism.

Taveras is as toolsy as they come, showing the potential to positively affect the game in all five areas at just 18 years old. The center fielder shows an advanced ability to make contact and adjust the barrel in the zone to use the whole field. His swing obviously needs some tightening in order for his plus natural tools to play, but with so much time and his advanced approach to hitting, thereâ\x80\x99s not much doubt Taveras can reach his plus hit tool ceiling. Heâ\x80\x99ll also be more than solid option in center field because of his elite athleticism and ability to make flash plays with both his arm and glove. There's some risk investing into his tools considering that he is so young. But overall, Taveras is one of those rare five tool guys with the potential to make his fair share of all star teams in the future. 

Leody Taveras profiles as a first division regular in center where his plus defensive profile and speed will allow him to provide significant value that will offset a slightly below-average bat. Taveras is an excellent athlete with quality body control and will likely provide enough contact and OBP to allow his base stealing abilities and premium defense to play every day at the MLB level. It's possible that poor power from the right side will limit him to a long side platoon role if he is unable to bring his righty swing closer to his left side. Taveras has the athletic ability, raw power, feel for hit, and patience for plus regular 75th percentile upside if he's able to tie the tools together and refine his swing/approach to get more out of his natural abilities.

Taylor has loud tools, but the inconsistencies in his game will likely hinder the overall ceiling. The power and defense will play, but the hit tool needs some work and I do wonder whether he has enough to make any impact at the Major League level. At the very least, Taylor shows enough to provide an asset for any club, but some inability to consistently string together AB against RHP could keep him out of a starting role.

Interesting teen talent. Overall value looks to hinge on hit tool; early signs show feel and ability to make adjustments. Still mechanical smoothing required, particularly in weight transfer. Defensive game ahead of expectations. Proximity to majors and general nature of hit tool development stand as impediments, but this is a guy Iâ\x80\x99d take in my system any day. On the cusp of first-division projection and minimal ahead-of-curve development could jump stock.

Tellez has taken significant steps forward both in terms of his physical development and his baseball skills, turning himself into a potential everyday first baseman at the big league level. He uses his size well, and while it limits him defensively and on the bases to a profile that is completely reliant on his bat, it also gives that potential to provide enough value to get away with that profile. Because of his size, he doesn't have to sell out for power, allowing his hit tool to play up. He shows strong bat control for a player of his size, and while there will always be some swing and miss because of the natural length in his swing, he maneuvers the barrel well within the strike zone and shows a propensity for using the whole field. He has plus raw power, and the progress of his hit tool will give that power a chance to reach its ceiling in the big leagues. Even if it falls just short, it should be enough to warrant regular playing time. Tellez is a bat only prospect, which is a difficult profile, but with an above-average hit tool and the potential for plus power, he should have enough in his bat to still provide value in a major league lineup.

Curtis Terry has some interesting athletic markers and significant raw power that should see him become good Triple-A depth at the 1B position. Terry has good coordination and feel for hit, but body currently limits his explosiveness.  He isn't overaggressive, but his current problems with pitch recognition could limit his effectiveness to the point where he won't get a shot in the MLB. If he's able to get his body leaned out to increase flexibility and explosiveness while improving his pitch recognition, he could see a role as a fringe regular in the MLB.

Speed and defense give a major league floor for Thomas. A projected plus hit tool and his ability to stick in center field give a profile of a future everyday outfielder. 

40; 4th Outfielder. Will not hit for AVG, but capable of playing all three outfield spot with sporadic power while providing speed and base stealing off the bench. 

Because of his lack of power, Tilson will never be a middle-of-the order, impact-type bat. He should, however, hit enough to remain in the lineup, perhaps at the top of it if his plate discipline continues to make strides. A hit/speed combination like Tilson's is rare, so he'll be able to get by without the power production, and as an up the middle player he'll bring value to the table even with single-digit home runs.

Signed out of Venezuela as an amateur free agent in 2011 for $759,000. Tocci has the speed, defense and arm to profile as a regular in center field. I think he will fill out his wiry frame more in the future, and the bat displayed optimisim for a future average hit tool. The risk is still high with Tocci, but he has progressed this season and will be at the High-A level shortly.

An IFA in 2011, Tocci has been pushed very aggressively throughout his career. Given his defensive skills he has a major-league floor as a defensive OF but the bat needs to be more consistent for an everyday role.

The tools that got Toles drafted in the third round are still remarkably intact after a year-and-a-half layoff from professional competition. He is a roundly skilled player with outstanding physicality, athleticism, body control and evident offensive aptitude. He attacks pitches with intent, exhibiting bat-to-ball skills and producing loud contact against velocity. The approach is over-aggressive at present, but he can really hit.  He's an adept base-stealer with feel and some technique, and his plus speed plays with utility in all phases. The reads and routes are presently raw, but his underway speed and apparent instincts combine to offer projection for versatility at all three outfield positions.  The disciplinary history and long layoff make him an extreme risk case until they don't, but the talent is evident.

Torres signed out of the Dominican Republic in 2009. He displays a glove-first profile, but has enough juice in the bat to work in a utility role. Torres displayed strong efforts at SS and 2B during my viewing, and I believe he has the athleticism and arm to play other positions around the diamond such as 3B or even CF in a pinch. The bat needs slight refinement on consistency with his bottom half staying in sync.

J2 signing out of Venezuela for $1.7-million Torres is one of the youngest players in Low-A which makes his refined game that much more impressive. He has a good kind of aggressive approach in the batter's box and he manipulates the barrel well to get to spin and velocity alike. Torres has good instincts at short and he has the hands to play the position but limited foot speed hurts his range and might cause a need to move to third down the line where his plus arm-strength will still be an asset. 

Ramon Torres just joined the Wilmington team after putting together a nice season for the Lexington squad. He flashes some bat speed and contact skills from both sides of the plate and has the ability to get on base. In my viewings, Torres puts the ball in play more often than not and can run a bit. his glove is his carry tool and he could stick at SS if it wasn't for Mondesi already playing there. Ultimately, I think Torres could be a nice utility ceiling fit for the Royals.

Potential star with already advanced skills that grant him a higher realistic floor than most in the minors. One of the five or ten best prospects in the minors, no matter where he ends up on the dirt.

Drafted by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 1st round, 26th overall, by the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2012. He has power, a great arm and heâ\x80\x99s surprisingly athletic which allows him to play the outfield when heâ\x80\x99s not catching. His in game skills leave a lot to be desired however. Trahan knows what he can hit so his approach is geared towards getting into a count where he can unload on 2-0 fastballs. He doesnâ\x80\x99t fare well when he has to come back in an at bat and his plate coverage is poor. Trahanâ\x80\x99s athleticism doesnâ\x80\x99t translate behind the plate; his blocking ability is below average and he doesnâ\x80\x99t move well side to side. 

Though there are certainly flaws right now, Trammell shows strong refinement for a player who was never a full-time baseball player until he turned pro. The Reds signed him away from a football scholarship at Georgia Tech so he has just begun to approach his development potential. As such, Iâ\x80\x99m on the optimistic side with Trammell. He likely will settle in as a .280 hitter with 20 HR and 20 SB, those those power/speed numbers may move based on how his body develops.

Tough profile - bat needs to produce at high levels consistently for long-term value; Offensive tools were on the bland side in this look; have questions on the hands and whether they are good enough to keep pace with high quality arms; like the mentality to maximize everything player has; likely to not meet strong resistance until upper levels; don't see a long-term regular here -more of a bench bat/part-time player.    

Grinder with tons of effort and instincts for the game; hit tool driven offensive profile; power comes up short of average and OBP will be batting average driven; has to hit a ton to play every day; fringe runner with instincts to take bases; glove works very well at keystone even with fringe arm; has some skills for an extended MLB career.

Drafted in the 6th round (2014) out of Oral Roberts, signed to a marginally below-slot deal. Trevino exudes leadership and commands the field from behind the dish, where he shows the baseline skill set to become a solid-average backstop at the highest level. There's some lag time with the bat, and he'll never be an on-base asset , but the bat-to-ball skills and nascent game power are there for him to hold his own in the box as well. Average regular potential if the bat maxes out, with enough defensive value and leadership acumen to fill a second-division role if it doesn't. 

Trinkwon made some offensive strides this season at High-A in embracing a gap-to-gap approach. He's got a nice quick stroke and he commands the zone well enough to coax walks out of A-ball pitching. But better arms will exploit his lack of game power and attack him aggressively, and the overall offensive profile is fringy. He's an instinctual player in the field with good actions and enough arm to project an adequate utility profile for a Major League bench if he can hit enough to warrant a roster spot. 

Charismatic leader, exudes confidence, and loves to play the game, Tucker is a switch hitter with an advanced understanding of the game. Defensive actions to stick at short, but more muscle will slot him to third baseâ\x80\x94more power to come with position change and baseball aptitude. Though with current season high of two home runs, there is huge uncertainty as mechanical and approach change would be required. Tucker projects to be a fan favorite and everyday third baseman.

Tucker has physical tools and plenty of projection remaining. The bat is the calling card here, with above-average bat speed, feel to hit, and an advanced approach. He has an easy swing and a knack for finding the barrel like few others in the Midwest League this season. The power will develop as his strength does, and it shows projection for utility thanks to a combination of bat speed and barrel awareness. Defensively he will end up in right field as he fills out, but he does have the athleticism to handle center in a pinch with a plus arm.  

Tucker demonstrated his potential throughout both series, displaying adept barrel control and the ability to drive the ball to the gaps. The profile is very raw, with a long development curve, but the tools shined throughout both series. The risk is high as Tucker is still marinating the tools, approach and body growth, but the overall future potential of Tucker is a player that will be a bat first shortstop with a chance to play average defense and provide all-around value up the middle. Round Drafted: 1st round (24th overall), 2014Why: Athletic player with potential for above-average hit and power from a premium position.

SS with plus-plus speed and above-average tool set. Speed is the carrying tool; boosts the aggregate skill set. Long swing path from bat wrap/body coil, but generates bat speed with wrist strength and bat whip. Line-drive, up the middle approach. Aggressive, swing-and-miss approach will keep from plus on base skills. Light on power, but will rack up extra base hits with speed. Capable and dependable defender, but not elite in field. Average to above-average player who should remain productive even if speed diminishes.

Justin Twine did not impress in my viewing. He has added bad weight since being drafted and it has hurt his athleticism. The lack of athleticism and reactions make his chances of playing shortstop thin. At the plate, he did not show an approach nor did he show the ability to barrel or recognize spin. Even pitches that were in the hitting zone, Twine swung through. I do not think he will show the necessary improvements or adjustments to improve as a player, as he moves forward, and I do not see a major league player ceiling. Round Drafted: 2014 2nd round, 43rd overall Why: athletic shortstop, average raw power, plus run/arm as an amateur Ceiling: Role 30; organizational player.

A heralded J2 signing in 2012, Urena is a switch-hitting shortstop with above-average glove and arm tools and plus speed, though he tends to play below the tools offensively and on the bases. His offensive game is built on plus bat speed, but he shows an aggressive approach and produces inconsistent contact quality, which limits both the hit and power tools. And the speed plays more in the form of quickness; he'll bunt for base hits, but he has not shown base-stealing acumen, pushing the tool's utility down on the bases. He boasts a capable glove and arm at short, and that combination gives him projection as a big league-average shortstop, with a utility-infield floor if the bat stalls out. 

Urena is a difficult player to grade at present because he skipped a level to play against advanced competition. He's currently struggling badly against breaking balls, failing to identify them out of the hand. Despite this, however, he's still able to attack fastballs and has already made an in-seson adjustment, hitting better pitches than he was earlier in the season and putting together better at-bats. That quick adjustment provides optimism for his future. The plus bat speed gives him the tools to be an above-aveage hitter if he proves that his pitch recognition issues are more about lack of experience than they are neurological. The power is natural and doesn't require him to overswing.  He'll never be an asset in the field, but he should be able to stay at third base through his prime, where his bat has the potential to be above-average. There is still a lot of development remaining in front of Urena, but the tools are evident for a potential impact bat. If the pitch recognition issues remain, he could still offer enough production to warrant playing time and find a regular role, but will need to bat down in the order.

Still young at Double A, Urena has the tools to be a plus hitter at the next level. His athletic, easy stroke makes him a threat to square up any pitch, though a lack of raw strength means more doubles than homers down the line. He has the tools to develop into an above-average defender at short, but maintaining focus will be the key for him to improve and stick at the position long-term. Thereâ\x80\x99s some risk considering that his game needs refinement and maturation, but his pure tools projects a first-division ceiling, with a more likely projection to average regular utility on the dirt. 

Urena has a major-league floor as a utility player due to a plus arm that will play all over the field and enough feel to hit to warrant regular at-bats. He is getting better at the plate and has shown similar progress defensively as the year has gone on, though there's still a long way to go if he's going to develop into an everyday player.

Signed as an IFA from Mexico in 2013, Urias is an undersized infielder playing this season as one of the youngest players in the California League. He has an approach beyond his years at the dish that combines with a short stroke, strong hand-eye, and premium barrel control to project for a very good contact profile. He lacks strength and can be beaten on the inner-third at present, which is enough to temper expectations for a future plus hit tool. Power will never be a main attraction, but there is some minimal physical projection remaining that, coupled with the advanced bat, should eventually allow him to shoot gaps with greater regularity. The speed, glove, and arm are all adequate for a utility projection, with a second-division regular ceiling at second if the hit tool actualizes in full against higher-level arms. 

After signing on March 1, 2017, these PAs were to shake off rust as Valdes' last official professional season was 2014 in Serie Nacional. His best tool is his glove, demonstrating the range, glove and arm needed to cover SS. Since his bat and speed are both below average, he slots into an emergency back-up role for a championship team.

Signed by Arizona on May 26, 2015 to a minor league contract. Vargas has some defensive skill but not enough to carry his poor bat to the Majors. He is a great player to have in your org because of his positional flexibility and positive attitude on the field. 

A ballplayer's ballplayer. The 19-year-old demonstrates advanced baseball awareness and instincts in every facet of the game. He should ultimately hit for average and power, while providing plus-defense at either corner infield position. The ceiling is high for Vargas, who has a deep trove of baseball experience and advanced skills offensively and defensively. A Justin Turner-like all-around ballplayer, that should be contributing in The Show by 2021.

Intriguing overall player due to power and knack for getting the barrel on the ball; not as much present swing-and-miss as you would expect for player of his swing type; tough overall profile - will have to hit big consistently to maintain status as a regular over the long-haul; needs to prove he can get it done against quality arms; can be pitched to, but covers the plate; gut feel is that this is a player than can carve out role on roster in the right situation - capable of popping a .260s 20+ homer season or two.   

Vasquez has age on his side (he turns 21 in January) but not much else. His calling card was his reported plus hit tool, which I didn't see materializing at the highest level. Everything else Vasquez in his tool shed is below-average or below. The skill set too me is just not major league quality. If he can make more consistent hard contact, then he has a small shot at becoming an up-and-down 5th outfielder, but I just don't see it due to his below-avg. peripheral tools. 

The player is only 20 with an incredibly immature frame, presently lacking the strength to extend through the zone after point of contact. But the swing is gorgeous and he shows natural hitting ability at the plate with some power potential to dream one once he gains strength and fills out his frame. Elsewhere, it is difficult to bet on the player. The below-average immediately creates for a left fielder's profile, limiting positional value. Then, the speed tool is lacking, so there is little to none value being offered on the bases.  The ceiling is as a solid-average regular in left field with a bat-only profile, if everything goes right. But realistically, that probably won't happen. In which case, I see a part-time player, due to the above-average hit tool and some pop from the left side.  The risk is high, but exorbitantly so, due to the makeup concerns, large gap between present and future skills, and lack of value elsewhere if the bat doesn't reach its potential. 

Plus hit and power are both obviously apparent, and it is also well known that Vaughn is a bat-first prospect with a bat-first profile. Despite his slow start in the Carolina League, there is little doubt that he will hit at the higher levels. It is quite possible that he is worn down from a long season and I believe quite likely that he will hit the ground running next season, seeing Triple-A Charlotte in no time. Wouldn't be surprised if he makes my hit/power projections look low. Not much risk but will need to produce a lot with the bat to come close to the value provided by other top prospects in the organization. 

Utility player, has played 3B, 1B, and LF for the team. Quality player in that role at this level, but lacks a major-league future.

Veloz is a one-trick pony at this point, with minimal tools outside of the plus-plus raw power. Currently, the power is 5 o'clock and he often fails to display it in-game. There has been minimal growth with the bat since 2012, but the glove has slightly improved. He likely needs to move away from third base, but he will not hit enough to play at first.

Verdugo is a very advanced hitter for his age, who has hit at every stop despite being extremely young for his level. The bat can be a true carrying tool, and he should be able to remain at the top of a lineup at the next level. Two plus-plus tools and average skills across the board grants him a high ceiling, with plenty of safety to the floor. He's very polished at this point in his development, and while the body may not age especially well, that's a concern for another day. This is a potential first-division talent. 

It is possible I'm overstating the case a bit, but I believe some of the ambient handwringing around Vientos is unnecessary. He is fine at third base, and he has at least plus power and should grow into more. He will need to refine the hit tool, preferably lowering strikeouts slightly and improving his selectivity at the plate which would add to his overall offensive value in multiple ways. Excited to see how he adjusts to the higher levels, where he will still be on the young side. 

Definition of bat-only profile, but the bat could be impactful. Defense not progressing as much as Iâ\x80\x99d hoped from previous views; DH looking more and more like the best future fit. If everything clicks offensively, this is a potential .290/.360/.500 bat. Thatâ\x80\x99ll play. Importance of offensive development and distance from majors mean high risk.

An over-slot sign fifth-rounder in 2011, Walding hadn't progressed as hoped, as he struggled at every level prior to this season. The over-the-fence power is playing much more than in the past, and the hit tool has improved. There is some hope for a potential platoon player down the road, but more than likely this is an organizational player.

Corner outfielder with an average hit tool and below-average complementary tool set. The swing mechanics have some disjoint, and there's ample swing-and-miss despite plus bat speed. Waldrop's raw power shows as above-average, though he has to sell out to generate it. That power plays below-average in games on account of a level swing and contact issues. He struggles with the leather on the outfield grass and has been used at first. The arm is a bit light, though accuracy helps it play. Speed is a tick below average, and he runs with effort. Potential fit as bench bat, with some defensive versatility between first and the corners. 

The profile is a tough one for Walker as a right-handed hitter destined for left field. His approach at the plate is poor and it holds him back. He struggles to recognize even decent change-ups at this point and will expand the zone for any breaking pitch moving away from him. Things would be bleak for Walker if not for his tremendous bat speed, which gives him the potential to do some damage if he can improve his pitch recognition - not an easy task. It's a long road ahead for Walker, but the natural ability to hit for power is there if he can put some things together which gives him more of a chance than most raw, young hitters.

Best outcome would be a big league starting left fielder with power who can fill in at center and right. Less satisfying outcome would be a versatile outfield bench bat with pop. There is some risk in the hit tool as he climbs the ladder, especially when he faces more consistently tough breaking stuff, but he has bat speed along with a good approach and enough hitting aptitude to make the necessary adjustments. Bat will need to play.  

The odd first-round (CBA) pick as a prep second-baseman in 2014, Wall has worked his way back from myriad serious injuries to earn a recent promotion to Double-A. The makings of a solid-average hit tool remain apparent, though lost developmental time has handicapped his ability to stay focused situationally, and he still comes out of his game and his swing at times. He's a good pure hitter, though, and has speed and aggressiveness to burn on the bases. Lancaster is a difficult place to learn outfield reads on the fly, so potential for significant development in that area in higher minors. There is a considerable gap to make up at present. He doesn't show an especially natural feel for center, which leaves him with a likely destination in left, where his speed can help him play as a solid defender. The potential for fill-in utility at second and in center opens up a path to some bench versatility even if the hit tool doesn't quite get all the way there. 

Wardâ\x80\x99s big league future stems from his ability to tap into the plus raw power that he has in his frame. He will draw walks, but heâ\x80\x99ll also rack up the swings and misses because of his mechanics. Despite his power potential, his bat speed is not plus and he needs to tighten up his swing if he hopes to translate more of the that raw power at the next level. His bat will have to get him to the majors because his defensive profile is rather uncertain at the moment given his stiffness at third base.

Ward has raw power and a big frame, but the hit tool and defense will drag him down at higher levels. He is getting away with the hit tool currently due to the competition level. Any secondary pitch that is a solid-average offering has overwhelmed Ward, who simply cannot recognize good spin. The swing has holes, but I do think it can be ironed out eventually. The swing can be shortened and balanced, but it does not solve to neurological issues of recognizing spin. Ward is likely going to face issues at the next two levels, but he could piece it together and provide a few average seasons in the majors. This is not an impact prospect, but the tools are there just enough to provide some value. I do not think the OFP and realistic role are far apart, as the player does not have a large amount of growth left. However, he does have age on his side. 

Warmoth is a high-floor middle-infielder who seems to only hit hard line drives. He showed good patience at the plate and was robbed of three straight line drive base hits into left-center by a terrific stop by the shortstop. What Warmoth lacks in ceiling, he makes up for with a high floor. He should be able to stick at shortstop, and hit well enough to not be a liability there. He wonâ\x80\x99t be a great defensive shortstop at the major league level, but he should play good enough defense and hit well enough to be a solid regular.

Waters has the chance to be a total-package type outfield prospect with at least an average hit tool from the left side, plus power, at least above-average speed, an above-average glove and a plus arm. He could be a 20/20 guy in the majors if he utilizes his speed. He also has the makeup to succeed and a strong drive to be the best. The lone hangup is how Waters will develop from the right side. His feel to hit is well below his ability from the left side, and it could be enough to drop hitting from that side entirely. Regardless, there's enough from the left side to project an average hitter. Waters is the five-tool kid that's next in line for the spotlight. He has All-Star potential.

Former fourth-round prep bat is a physically mature 20-year-old who has made rapid progress growing into a solid defensive third baseman with good hands, agility to the ground, and plus arm strength. He's got some growth and development ahead of him at the dish, but he shows strong hitting fundamentals and projects to grow into above-average game power utility. Other than being a pretty slow runner there don't project to be a ton of weaknesses to his all-around game, and he profiles as a solid-average hot cornerman at the big-league level. 

Davis Wendzel profiles as a platoon/bench player, where his diverse and quality defensive skill set and excellent approach will overcome some of his current offensive issues. He has the physical tools and instincts to play multiple infield and outfield positions while potentially flashing OBP and power skills. He will need to make some swing adjustments by keeping the hands closer to the body, and if he's not he could have too many holes to stick on an MLB roster. If he's able to make those changes completely and continue to tap into his power, he could carve out a role as an MLB regular at one of many positions.

See as a bench/platoon player. Impressive bat speed and power, has swing-and-miss and pitch recognition issues. Missed 2018 season with a torn right labrum. Can play all three OF spots but profiles best in left. High risk with moderate interest.

35; Low Bench, Up/Down. Williams can play centerfield and run, but wonâ\x80\x99t hit enough to play a significant big league role. His baseball instincts and approach at the plate make his tools play down. 

Williams is a terrific athlete with a tremendous hit tool. The main issues are his approach and defense, as he currently grades below average in both. I think with some increased repetition this season, he will be fine. The bat and approach have already improved in my time seeing Williams this season. I also think the makeup concerns are entirely overblown. He may do some curious things, but nothing that illustrate a bad makeup.

Athletic OF with potential five-tool ability. Former second-round pick, acquired in trade for Cole Hamels. Hit tool flashes plus with ability to spread the field. Short path to ball and ability to drive to gaps. Lots of swing-miss, impatience at the plate to limit on-base ability. Raw pull strength; tendency to hit to middle of field limits HR output, but will rack up doubles. Power output likely a tick below-average. Average speed plays up in field, less impactful on bases. Plus range in field; can cover CF, though profiles better in corner role. Arm is plus and capable of impact. Should prove to be solid offensive, defensive contributing corner OF.

Williams showed nothing in my viewing. His bat was extremely inconsistent and he failed to produce the same swing throughout an entire series.  The defense is not going to carry him through the minors. The most concerning part about Williams' game was the effort. I did not get the impression that he cared, and it often felt like he had already lost or failed before he stepped up to bat. The makeup issues are real, and he may be feeling the stress of a disastrous season. Williams is a project at this point, and one that is likely never finished. There are too many gaps and inconsistencies in his game for him to provide any value at the highest level.

Nick Williams is going to hit. This was easily the best natural hitter Iâ\x80\x99ve seen live. He made a few terrible reads and even started the wrong way when tracking a ball in CF. Heâ\x80\x99ll never be an asset on defense but heâ\x80\x99s athletic so it could get it done. He can run but needs work on the bases. Williams hit tool is well above the rest of his game and if heâ\x80\x99s going to hit that well at the highest level, Iâ\x80\x99m not really sure how much the Rangers will care about the defense.

Williamsâ\x80\x99 natural hitting ability quickly shows during both batting practice and in game action. The 19-year-old left-handed hitter possesses excellent hands, and knows how to use them. The swing covers both sides of the plate, generating solid leverage for producing backspin when offerings are squared up. In this series, just about every ball Williams hit was hard, loud, and came off his bat with authority. The lefty showed a sweet spot from the right-center field gap to the left-center field gap, with the mindset to take what was given to him and use the whole field. The ball-to-sweet spot of the barrel contact was also very impressive. Thereâ\x80\x99s hitting ability that just canâ\x80\x99t be taught.Williamsâ\x80\x99 swing stays in the zone and allows him to wait back against offerings, while also giving him a chance to adjust to the path of the pitch. I can see the hitter being able to hit .300 in the major leagues during a peak season or two as he continued to develop, with the potential to consistently post averages in the .275-.295 range at full utility. One area to watch is the development of Williamsâ\x80\x99 pitch selection. Presently, heâ\x80\x99s unchallenged at the level to work counts due to his advanced ability. It isnâ\x80\x99t that the left-handed hitter is unwilling to be patient, but he isnâ\x80\x99t often tested to do so as when he gets his pitch, he rips it. Williams will need to demonstrate he can pick out good offerings to handle as he gets to the next level and beyond.Though profiling as a left fielder, Williamsâ\x80\x99 hitting talent can carry him to the role of a major-league regular. Given that the young hitter shows a knack for squaring balls up and has the bat speed, thereâ\x80\x99s the potential for 15-18 home runs as he continues to mature and learn his strike zone. Williams was by far the most polished hitter on the field, and should be able to make a relatively smooth adjustment to the next level when he takes the next step up the ranks

The former fourth-rounder for the Cubs, Wilson lacks size but possesses above-average quickness and speed. Combine that with a solid arm and glove he profiles as a solid bench outfielder. However, without adjustments in the swing, advanced pitchers will continue to cause struggles giving an overall profile of fourth outfielder.

Winker's raw OFP averages to 50, but a half-grade bump is given due to player's excellent makeup and the potential for a plus hit tool, something that could override his weaknesses elsewhere in the tools department. While the mechanics at the plate have a few deficiencies, Winker possesses preternatural bat-to-ball ability with a loose, effortless stroke and should be able to tighten up his mechanics with time.  The ceiling, while not incredibly high, is that of a B.J. Surhoff-type hitter in his prime, one who can hit for a .280-plus average with home run totals in the high-teens/low-twenties with plenty of gap power. Despite the lack of plus tools across the board and the left-field profile, that's an above-average regular in today's game. He's only 20-years-old in the Southern League, and while he has struggled initially to adapt to the way pitchers are attacking him, I see Winker eventually adjusting and making his way to the majors at the end of the 2015 season.

A former first-round supplemental pick, Winker is a corner outfielder with a plus hit tool and average defensive projection. There's some swing-and-miss, but he possesses quality bat speed and contact skills. Average raw power plays down a tick in-game; he generates loft, but lacks the finishing strength for the tool to be an asset. Steady glove in a corner that won't create problems, and his accurate arm shows average strength. Winker has struggled with wrist injuries, which has very possibly sapped his ability to tap into the raw power he has. Projection for a solid starting outfielder with bottom-half lineup contributions.

Bobby Witt Jr. is a top tier athlete with flexible and explosive movements and excellent body control to go along with plus raw power and excellent defensive tools that should allow him to profile as an everyday SS at the MLB level. Witt Jr. combines plus bat speed with feel for barrel and a longer swing to generate hard contact around and over the diamond. Contact is often loud and he already shows flashes of adjusting swing to location. Witt can get fooled at times and the swing length adds some swing and miss. Witt's raw power is evident and is generated by explosive hips and wrists from an athletic frame. He's a plus runner with plus hands, a plus arm, and quality defensive instincts that should allow him to become a plus defensive SS with consistent reps. Witt's swing-and-miss potential due to pitch recognition and a longer swing does create some risk that Witt will not hit enough to profile as an everyday starter, which may limit him to a defense-first utility role. On the other end, Witt's excellent athletic abilities, defensive profile, and raw strength give him a very high ceiling if he can improve his hit tool beyond his current projection.

Between his feel to hit, glove, baserunning skills, and overall instincts, Wong is a solid across-the-board player. Heâ\x80\x99s one of the more complete position players in the minor leagues, particularly when you factor in his polish and the fact that heâ\x80\x99s relatively close to the major leagues. Wong wonâ\x80\x99t light you up with raw tools, but itâ\x80\x99s fun to watch, and itâ\x80\x99s the type of player who logs a long big-league career as a solid-average regular. While I love his general approach to hitting, I have a few questions about the leg kick and would like to see that over a longer look. I think it could lead to some inconsistency and will, at the very least, always be a watching point in his setup/swing mechanics. I donâ\x80\x99t think itâ\x80\x99ll keep him from being a fine major leaguer, however.

The grandson of the great Carl does not have impact tools. However, his elite makeup and baseball smarts substitute for many of his weaknesses. This is a player that will grind out every play, even the ones he is not directly involved with. He sprinted from right-center to a routine fly ball at the left fielder. If the fielder was not there, Yastrzemski could have made the catch.  The tools are fringe-average to solid-average across the board, leaving an average ballplayer. However, his elite makeup and hustle could allow him to maximize these tools and put together a solid career as a second-division talent. He just reached Double-A, so there is still much to learn. He still needs to work on his approach against LHP.

Yastrzemski lacks a carrying tool but the skill set will be valuable in the majors. He can play all three outfield positions and can be a useful option as a second division starter or a 4th OF. His hustle and makeup makes for a solid bench option or club depth. The profile is nearly a finished product with success in the upper minors. Round Drafted: 14th round, 2013Why: 4 year starter at Vanderbilt; average tools across board with strong makeup; bloodlines.

Zagunis displays an advanced approach at the plate, but lacks the looseness and fluidity I like to see in a swing. The swing is compact but he struggles to reach power velocity. Zagunis was athletic and clean in the OF for the most part, with continued repetition allowing for an average profile in the corners. There is moderate risk due to his shift out of C and lack of time in the upper minors. Round Drafted: 3rd round, 2014Why: Athletic C with advanced approach and the potential to stick behind the plate.

Seattle's 8th round pick in the 2016 draft, Zammarelli lacks a standout tool, but he can do a bit of everything and he could provide adequate defense at third and enough bat to stick in a reserve role at full maturation. While a lack of strength and tendency to swing and miss will probably prevent him from enjoying a significant big league career, he has the tools to succeed in the upper minors. In an era of three- or four-man benches, he will need to add defensive versatility to his game to enhance big-league viability. 

Zehner has a fairly fringy tool set across the board, but he's a gamer with a knack for contact and good instincts. He could see some emergency action for a club down the road, but otherwise projects as a quality organizational player.

CF with mostly above avg tool set and avg hit tool. Former 1st round pick, tall, long-legged frame capable of manning CF. Smooth, longer bat path limits future hit tool to avg due to swing-miss tendencies and inconsistent contact. Shows plus power in BP, mostly focused up the middle and to pull side. Bat path and strength should generate avg-above avg power results. Glove is not flashy, but highly capable in CF with plus range. Arm is easy plus and capable of impact. Avg present speed, but would anticipate a tick dropoff due to body size/type. Profiles as capable, above avg CF.

Ceiling of multiple-time all-star; championship-caliber regular in center; 20/20 upside, quality defender at premium center-diamond position. Well-balanced toolset that can impact the game in a lot of ways; still growing into some power. Close to major-league ready; can see him up late 2016. 

Solid overall prospect; no one tool wows, but as a collection they compliment one another; 3rd outfielder type for me; corner outfielder who can spell the centerfielder when needed or in a short stretch if injury; see a .275 type with 12-ish home runs, doubles, and some stolen bases; profile slides to a 4th outfielder without projected cleanup of swing consistency; should reach upper levels quickly; complimentary player on a contending team.    

